They are too few to begin with.
And there were couple of death threats on Twitter even last year, and I used to report them also.
Our question is, will there be alternative employment?
Please mention some of your favorite blogs from Puerto Rico.
In addition, the story even got the final results wrong.
The deep causes are connected with problems of governance.
Two police stations were set on fire.
More citizens began participating in public spaces and joining online platforms.
Then they pulled him out.
only the country code was changed.
They are far from perfect.
Who are the blind ones?
When has the straight parade been ever held?
He was fighting for freedom.
It would be a historic act.
talks about the build up to the conflict
Why, when you were in law school, did you decide to start a blog in the first place?
Your clothes and the fact that you have more then two sets of them.
Image taken from the European Parliament website, with permission.
In management, there is collective responsibility for governance.
The murder could also be the result of some sort of business conflict involved with these financial interests.
That was nothing, however, compared to his general impression of the city itself.
He ends up by telling
They will take time and money.
We have to be united and support each other
To some extent, reform is the best way to avoid revolution.
The government has an opportunity to act now and try stop these attacks.
However, not all bloggers welcomed the news and there was also much criticism in the Armenian blogosphere.
Does he think his people are that stupid?
They have even stopped claiming that because they know no one is stupid enough to believe that.
How do you promote your analysis?
Image posted on Twitter by Digital Tajikistan.
Thousands of people have been made homeless across the country.
And workers have started to strike.
In Hong Kong, we might be under surveillance, we might have pressure on the staff.
Standards of Russian special services
An English version of the graphic is also available
This has always been our intention.
There should be equality in this matter.
Constitution, India and the way forward  Global Voices The balance of power in Nepal.
The rules of this game are as follows
The average person will likely fail to complete the challenge.
you are either one of them, or not.
We were looking forward to seeing him again as he planned to return.
They have finished the Iraqi state calling it democracy.
The Iraqis are angry and are asking where the money of the Iraqi oil is going?
You can easily lose track of time here.
You want to show the world how sad you are?
In the report it says
Mahmood gives his theory of why this has happened
Their lives are in danger, Chinese people need your help
It promised to take further steps if these attacks continued.
The number of voters, however, was another reason for criticism.
The collaboration came to life last summer, in I think maybe July or August.
it gets worse from there...
is a question being asked by many.
According to him, the groups had been created with a view to provide psychological support.
I just hope I can get a copy to watch as soon as possible.
A lot of dead bodies...
Photo shared by Central University of Venezuela on Facebook.
List the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month.
As I tried to chat with her, she kept asking me
speaking of the honor, he says  Morocco
How do you find the right balance?
Rather, we should talk about what forms of communication will take place.
The mother says there is no physical evidence to support the claims against her son.
And she compares this to the present day
But this is not a conspiracy.
Her dreams are not very big
There are political messages everywhere.
The following is what is said by each character
I just want justice for all victims.
Thank you, everyone, for reading RuNet Echo.
There are numerous reports of people explaining the difficulties in their daily lives.
They cannot tell members of our community that they are HIV positive.
Someone shared an idea and it ended with a protest involving thousands of people.
Readers can leave comments, and so it is also a space to debate about many subjects.
My first steps in this life were on this land.
Why do we get excited when we are offered marriage?
Nobody knows where the line is that they should not cross.
Google search is blocked in Beijing.
The controversial law was against the freedom of press.
SPEND THE NIGHT HERE, CALM DOWN.
A quality that you find amongst most of them?
Is it very often, sometimes or hardly?
Where Did The Money Go?
When it comes to homosexuality there is no Human right talk in Uganda.
But, who would be the president?
I wanted what I was seeing not to be true.
and stay for the rest of our lives..
This is our country together, dear Russians.
You can do now anything through your blog.
Happy anniversary children of the World, may you celebrate this year and every year with joy, health and peace...
What happened to other players then?
however, recently it seems that he himself is going to stand out to tell his own stories.
He never knew how he got there.
The decision, signed by the President of Vietnam, is effective immediately.
There is a big and growing role.
Still, others express public support for Internet censorship.
He planned to establish a Greater Ukraine state taking territory from Western Russia.
This is always done with family and friends.
I absolutely love digital art, it allows you to do things that would be impossible in traditional work.
Check also the interesting pictures inside the protest camps in Bangkok.
Positions along religious lines go straight down to the military as well.
One of the most common questions asked about the topic is simply, which game is better?
He could not break in on an armed man.
I was living in this climate with my parents.
I tried to get a taxi to where the action is
Kenya is tribal nation, whether you want to accept it or not.
After their release they married and had a family.
At the time, the opposition was holding a press conference in the Kyiv City Administration building.
I hope you enjoy it
And there is No Way Out.
He had been calling friends there.
The police continue doing the same work as ever.
However, the International Federation for Human Rights reported that she was questioned about her rights activism
last comment of the night
Perhaps the jobs will come.
He is one of the most popular Egyptian bloggers who writes in English.
Singing a song of angry men
Learn more about the campaign from their facebook page.
Put together a parliamentary special commission to follow up this agreement.
Citizens do not believe the lies that are spread about Public Health.
I only wanted to affect her face, because she always said her face was pretty.
Another version, which I think is most close to the truth
In place of fear, respect.
But there is bad news about his favorite joint.
We could even see over into Nigeria.
Third Culture Kids are global citizens
He worked as a media journalist in India for three years.
Where are the protests taking place?
I will live, I have to do a lot of things.
The Law on Bloggers changed that.
And we are on the streets pointing out this issue.
This is what truly popular support looks like
Just seeing that gives me joy.
a matter of good economy.
There are torture camps set by Mugabe supporters
Actually there are three other bodies active for this cause
From campaigning ideas to negative advertising, we must WATCH AND LEARN
But none of the three candidates seem ready to drop out of the race.
And then along comes a bus.
I had the chance to tell other participants about and had very positive responses.
There could be additional reasons.
What about international pressure on Indonesia?
Tensions are high in Nigeria, and there have been reports of riots in a number of states.
All of Jamaica that matters is here.
Something I missed in the short news items of news agencies.
Global Voices In Bangladesh the practice of English literature is becoming popular.
Nothing had changed between them.
Just for expressing ideas or thoughts
Did we reach a level as low as that, in this country?
Have any bloggers heard any reports on what the situation on the ground is?
Every nation has been changed by these things.
He has promised to sort this problem out on his return to Kazakhstan.
Life will go on and it will be beautiful.
This post generated some angry comments.
What are some examples of solutions?
Do you think social networks are effective in political campaigns?
Two journalists who were involved in the incident have been fired.
Links in Spanish unless otherwise noted They write
He knows he will lose in a free and fair elections.
Workers Day March in Beirut.
I could barely keep up with them.
Why am I even writing those empty words?
Talk is cheap He should walk his talk.
We need to give government the right tools for the right job.
Some of the people I consider friends say
Belong to our same social class?
I will tell you this though.
I hope to be back there soon.
In the end, they had to force the door open.
Journalists who were live tweeting from the scene were also arrested.
Videos will likely be available after the real time showing.
Their families want to know the truth.
Do you want to teach school children how to kill innocent human life?
Write down an emergency number.
So much for press freedom in South Africa.
Such kind of speech freedom can rarely be seen worldwide.
But the problem is our government does not have the money to do it.
But this is the modern age of the Internet.
They vote against laws that do not serve their goals.
Lead and develop the team responsible for reporting on the following countries
Al Jazeera Calling  Global Voices Russia
Thus far, there has been no public information regarding an official investigation.
Countries threatened with military actions.
Ugandan Members of Parliament, however, remain divided over the need to investigate his death.
However, others were strongly opposed.
I was there last summer and I could see how people live.
Are paid bloggers just part of normal state propaganda in our brave new world?
A black lady was arrested because she refused to offer her seat to a white man.
I think that is encouraging more writers to try to get their work out there.
How would you describe your blog?
Not say I say what..
Another Global Voices post will be published soon Spain
There is no room for a broader perspective or taking a step back in time and space.
The event is free to attend, but space is limited.
Therefore, we fill this gap.
The situation is beyond help.
It was not a joke
The type of awards to be given was not decided.
I am following my biggest dream
The video below shows the police attacking members of the press.
Can you blame them for that?
All photos were taken by the author.
Before, the children had gone to school.
But in the morning I heard nothing.
that they can make a difference.
Open all the documents and you can shut down the rumors.
That is why I love what I do.
It took me about a day.
The efforts of many paid off.
The hotel later issued a statement to explain the situation
This Twitter user was of like mind
It is likely to build over time.
Not everyone shares my joy.
What reaction will there be?
Community assembly about the project.
It was our great dream and is becoming a reality.
Go back to where you came from.
The bus station neighborhood is considered as one of the most criminal in the former capital of Kazakhstan.
Should I work and shop only in the district in which I live?
A campaign was launched by several Persian language bloggers to support the return of the website.
Morocco is a pretty poor country.
The website, in Portuguese and English, can be viewed here.
The movie is short, but it has high and low points that really work and teach a lot.
Many people live their lives without an opportunity to look at everyday things from unusual perspective.
In this regard he tweeted
Asking the PM about corruption is like asking if the pope is a muslim...
The post below is published on Global Voices as part of a partnership agreement.
Now people love him and I would have liked to meet him when people still love him.
But we know much more is to follow.
He believes the Dubai authorities did this at the request of the Tajik authorities.
One of the major challenges for organization of the protests was to get the potential protesters trust the organizers.
Many in the blogosphere saw the event as cause for celebration.
Some bloggers are writing about the experience.
Such is the impact of this great man.
What about starting a family?
Signing of Race and Religion Laws.
They told me to check a third school which was little far.
He says that after he was issued administrative charges and a fine for the images, criminal charges followed.
Then why does rape continue to be a problem?
More about Iranian election blogging
It is said that fear is natural.
This made me feel sick.
Add them to the comments section below.
After all the words spoken this was followed up by no actions.
Iran is an interesting example for several reasons.
Upon our arrest, we were surrounded by soldiers.
A few journalists are covering the event, but not live.
Do Officials Really Fear the Internet?
I was born two days before the war broke out.
It will do pretty much anything we tell it to, because we are its main source of income.
But we have to tell the story right.
or should we voice our concerns against the Palestinian civilians?
After my series on Iran was released, we fought for months.
Tunisian Internet users also remain at risk of judicial prosecution.
Elections The first stage of the elections ended.
And exactly what do those Facebook pages share?
Now look at the situation on the ground.
He really added value to my life.
All of us who are able to, please can we do same.
Is this always the case in your opinion?
It took the movement months to contact Vladimir after he filled out a form online.
The discrimination against them is not a new thing.
And this is not good enough for elections.
I wonder if it is on YouTube?
Indeed, she explains, such actions have defined history.
Suicide Bomb Attack on a Mosque on Kuwait.
He gave Rafael a verdict.
From Azerbaijan to Zambia, governments are targeting journalists with communications surveillance and need little excuse to continue doing so.
Good thing or Bad thing?
What are your other activities?
Why do I have to justify my right to my freedom?
she might be the only person the Lebanese agree that they love.
I try to every day.
more and more are coming to study . Argentina
Has the government finally gathered enough political will to change?
One more strike  Global Voices United We Blog
What exactly does it have to reflect upon?
is it right or wrong?
Be active on Wikipedia, add articles, and be active in promoting Kurdish history and culture.
Fellow Nigerians, it is time to decide our future as a country.
More details about the event could be found in the event page, and on Facebook and Twitter.
A Resolution to the political crisis?
Two hundred years ago, his speech could be perceived as modern.
There are a number of examples.
We believe in you, Mexico.
What is your life like outside Global Voices?
People have to petition for private management.
He is currently on extended leave.
I find it difficult to express my anger and outrage at this...
Education  Global Voices Education in Pakistan needs far more involved intervention.
Finally, it was a great year in sports
We should help their case.
I have become just a voice from a place called Baghdad, whatever that means.
See a picture in the blog.
and does this change the fact that they are drinking?
Others might be just ordinary.
But beautiful weather is just around the corner.
Many students were killed and injured during the attack.
the citizens have had a taste of their victory.
He further called upon the religious and cultural leaders to come out and speak out against the bill.
Many Malagasy have noticed that extreme spending during presidential campaigns could be better spent addressing extreme poverty.
bloggers discuss the post in the comments.
And did he appreciate my efforts on his behalf??
With each season, many of them pass.
They taught me how to speak and write the language.
This is a major test for the military government.
What is your message to the Global Voices community?
Such an approach is an insult to the population, the blog says.
What is proposed is not an easy task, and it will take a collective effort.
The station has received some threats, mostly from local information and culture authority.
At least the school is on for her and she is happy to be with her friends.
Oil would lose its position due to development of new energy sources
One of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life.
Today situation is one of the worst.
We have to be united.
Hell, dead Israeli soldiers receive more coverage than all the Arab living.
Quite a big one, actually.
And how will his life be like?
You think you have choice?
Remove the time from the comments, and leave the date in only.
This is how it was at the very beginning.
I never really thought of myself as a feminist before coming here.
Crowd control was a major problem, as noted in this Global Voices article.
I am concerned about this.
These principles, however, will not be served by violence in any form.
Be worried, be very worried...
This ad is a perfect reflection of our reality
The internal censorship has given rise to the importance of the foreign press and blogs who are taking comments.
They may take over from the aid received from governments one day.
There is even an App
Now I am working on some artistic projects and with artists who want to have an independent presence online.
The October attacks took a similar form.
So African Path wants to be part of that move.
Mohammed, a Bahraini Twitter user, tweeted what he witnessed
Lanka Rising in his post The result of the election
After all, that was what the opposition was calling for over a year ago.
Bloggers all over Chile have reacted to this concern.
She was only two years old.
It is not always available
Two years ago when Chinese took the islands there was a protest here.
both are banned in Belarus
They are more likely to be against activists who have been recently been using blogs as political tools.
Do not get me wrong.
What part do they think the Internet played with respect to the results achieved?
It was obvious they did not expect to get power in two hours.
The Pakistani Ambassador to the USA tweets
You know what, the most likely candidates are kids.
He may stay in jail until the end of the investigation.
to what better use could time be put??
I count many of them as dear friends.
It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue.
What is the change that comes in the country when hundreds of thousands of people demonstrate?
Have you tried getting a job?
There were other items of note in the Caribbean blogosphere this week, though...
They could become part of the family.
However, the agency then told them it would stop looking for candidate children, according to the ministry.
That is certainly open to question.
Photo by the United Nations, published with permission.
Bloggers also reacted to the event.
Is this because the videos are aimed at an Israeli audience?
Neither as a woman nor as a human being.
I found these people myself.
Some took it as a joke, while others thought it was a positive initiative.
Where Did the Blogs from El Salvador Go?
Some of the incidents reported include
For more than a year.
Thus, it helps to spread throughout the world the message of indigenous leaders.
The Friday Native America Calling show addressed the issue
We sent lots of love and let them know they are not alone.
May they arrest them all
And will continue to do so.
Several Facebook groups have been set up to protest against the policy.
but firm and clear of mind.
Many groups and events are scheduled on Facebook for the demonstrations.
those things that seem small, but are important, because they show our opposite world views?
Residents, especially those living in big cities, battle air pollution on a daily basis.
Bloggers have attended both, and give us their opinions.
He believes the result of the selection has been affected by political pressure.
However, there was tension in the air.
Last year, I decided to take up construction work.
They even went on to declare that the Ethiopian government has a good human right record
The court changed its mind...
Who wants to rule Lebanon?
next time round, who will I believe?
Actually the Myanmar audience are not blind about winning or losing.
It means we are brought up this way.
Ecuadorian bloggers, of course, are following the events and here a roundup of what are they thinking
The West cannot influence anything in Kazakhstan being afraid to lose any alternative to Russian energy resources.
What it means to be able to say no without getting killed?
I got caught, but it was worth the try.
More than half of these took place in the capital.
A vote should have been conducted and the majority should carry the vote.
The blogger feels that it is a creative method by propaganda department
Maybe they should start singing?
You can see lots of photographs of the event here.
Why should I care that much?
We cannot ignore the facts we do not like, this is crucial for us to explain to the public.
He continues, giving his opinion on the Law
But how little love we give him.
Until the next time, On The Blogs...
You can watch the video below
Read for yourself on what he has to say.
It keeps coming back to me.
IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, they are there.
The detainees received tough treatment from the state security
A new cyber security draft law may change this.
We had the first rain of the season.
However, with other pages we try to work as a team.
The evening was not always spent in the same way.
We are not a color.
It is now something which is actually happening as opposed to the past when it was denied.
It has nothing to do with our domestic concerns.
Most of the Afghan politicians, journalists and writers cannot even use email.
The election is already left behind.
What the Global Climate Movement Can Learn From Latin America  Global Voices The Amazon.
and if you keep quiet, you will die.
Not a very successful war, is it?
The White House released a statement condemning the killing of the Ethiopian Christians.
They would think that the group of people were about to launch a terrorist attack
He has recently been very critical of Australian government policies towards refugees.
They also published some very rare photos of him.
But is Poland to blame in all cases?
Do you trust the media?
The protest also had a humanitarian aspect.
The authorities were ready for a war, it seemed.
Some of the participants tweeted
The comments came from the following Weibo user accounts
It becomes quite clear in the light of comments to this article.
So much to do, so little time as the flood water came in so fast.
Protest at China Youth Daily
Tunisian journalists face military trial Tunisian authorities filed criminal charges against two journalists for criticizing the military.
Among the many people directly affected are community media workers and their families.
Although hidden in this crazy world we live in, they are we are with you at all hours
They simply need to get started.
My child is not mine.
Such is the case in Russia.
It was going to be an interesting test
Corruption is not something that is unique to Russia.
She responded in Russian and English.
Do you have plans for another project related to migration?
Symbol for Baghdad, for love and for the ancient days.
His reaction was to lower his head.
And was able to connect with them for a few minutes.
This, in fact, it turned out to be.
The presidential house asked to hold off writing about it till the foreign press reported on this.
A tragic event that took place in the day before.
Police standing still Omar noted
In this post, we look at green activism in Iran through the eyes of bloggers in last year.
I went through them all, from one end to the other.
Individual photos via various social media channels.
This is a story with a happy ending.
The new generation of university students will take up their challenge.
But so are the people.
When you blog, how would you describe what you write?
The company gets the attention of users, but it also aids social campaigns.
The colonial and the independent.
Maybe we blog to discover and we travel for the same reason.
They are true and legitimate.
The reaction to blocking Wikipedia is already known.
They want to know why they have suffered and why they still suffer.
That the fight against something that does not feel right is worth it, despite the consequences, psychological consequences mostly.
I have always wanted to be a girl.
He explains that he lost his money and mobile.
I found solidarity at the university from many people, including some who have a very different way of thinking.
The way the bloggers were produced before the media was also questioned.
Poetry for a Persian is nothing less than truth and beauty.
In addition, there has been a significant increase in food prices in the private market.
Global Voices Happy Wednesday Everyone
Save the trees, because it may be all we can save.
On Facebook, several local pages have been established in the past few weeks to highlight this issue.
Human rights groups and students from around the world also demanded the release of the detained student protesters.
I ask, how can we condemn the latter and do the former?
Only a few out of thousands of candidates were seen using Internet in their campaign.
But I will probably sleep tomorrow. maybe even the day after tomorrow.
And now to a bit of fun
Several protests were organized, including a silent protest outside the Ministry of Interior demanding justice.
In an updated post, the blogger confirmed that...
In the first round called primary elections, voters cast votes for parties.
Education, youth and social activism were cited as tools that can deliver us.
He adds we do not need your dollars for democracy we know how get back our freedom Persian.
You want to take the bus?
The online debates went far beyond common political discussions.
it carried a warning for the upcoming election
I was all set for what came next.
The dictatorship has never gone away, previously it was a military one..
A NEW YEAR, AND WHAT a way to start it.
When he finally made it home it was to video surveillance and neighborhood watch programs.
News report has been banned.
Have you ever tried to go to Spain?
An ongoing military operation has claimed a further four militant lives, the ministry says.
Start on hands and feet.
Today, with the Internet back up, he shares his story
Have You Got That Right?
Who are other authors involved in creating content for the blog?
But the language is dying because it is not being used.
If action is indicated, what kind of action is relevant to the problem??
So it has been seven months.
There is nothing impossible is just believe we can do it.
As peaceful as Friday could be.
They are now all homeless.
He, as we know, was a key figure for the Russian opposition and Moscow protests.
A NEW YEAR HAS BEGUN...
Global Voices Welcome to the week that was in the Turkish Blogosphere....
What is really important is the structure of access to the information.
We support each other and worry for each others well being.
The Palestinian people has declared war on us, and we must respond with war.
I feel like burning myself.
Read a joint response from indigenous groups about the talks.
It was lucky that the dialogue session was already scheduled.
The post attracted several comments.
The comment space is especially interesting.
Who decided to sell the water supply company to the French?
What sort of business model have you adopted?
For how long have you been blogging?
I was invited to it because I was an activist and a former prisoner.
He said all kinds of terrible things to me.
His answers to those questions are
Listen I will call you again.
However, tens of young men who demonstrated were arrested in the following week.
As with any marriage, there are times of great beauty and great pain.
But that was a long time ago.
This is mostly due to the democratic movements of that age.
Barbados Free Press wonders why.
one with his wife and three children, the other alone.
About this man we had to think twice.
On my blog , I publish information about this deal
And then at that time, Facebook got censored for a week or two.
We turn to the entire world today
There are two possible reasons.
Food is big in South Asia and here are some interesting pictures and blogs from India.
Iraqi governments and the American administration failed completely in putting Iraq once again on the right path.
The party is the same with the country?
They were on the way to commit a crime.
In a country where journalists are jailed, freedom of speech and freedom of the media are under assault.
American support will be more necessary than ever.
Image taken from the Facebook page for this event.
There are the official numbers.
And it is for our family too.
The exhibition will travel to the other two cities as well.
This theme, raises a red flag.
See how famous we are.
Dead End For The King.
People give it so much importance even though it is a rather strange celebration.
However, it is difficult to learn it as quickly and easily as you first learn to type in English.
It was celebrated the most by the electronic media, of course.
Have the Human Rights disappeared from the face of this country?
I never saw him again, but someone met him after I last saw him.
But outside of it I hope to meet you.
You all must understand the president CANNOT give any island Cricket.
Some countries have gone even further.
All links lead to Spanish language sites.
Of course, one of them would have to go and do this
The best answer I could think of is this
Today, these people need help and we can help them, why not do it.
But on the other hand
But now, it is being shared by many on social media.
This post became the subject of a heated discussion on Twitter at the time of publication.
Why do you think your blog became so successful?
According to a news the police there had been questioning people who voted for Armenia.
The student group added in a statement
She has found the support for the campaign surprising and encouraging.
Religion in Guatemala is mostly conservative.
You would drive your own car but not enjoy the journey.
I had the time and the freedom to think about how i feel towards Israel.
This video was released yesterday
thus, they created a day to encourage countries to pay attention to the languages of their nation....
The bloggers also suggested to put the blame for the current situation in the country on all political parties
And I see faces from my life...
I do not know nor do I care what was happening in the past between Malaysia and Singapore.
So we took to the streets and protested.
She said no and asked me why people want to stay there?
However, the user perspective seems to have changed completely.
What about the political opinions of those on the other side of the digital divide?
They also put a church sign on the mosque.
On Facebook, one user agreed.
Apart from making a political statement, the document also talks about Hong Kong economy and society.
Of course our official newspapers ignored the whole incident.
This matters to me because of the story behind it.
Beirut Walls also wrote about the revolution morning including a video entitled
But what I found there was not at all what I expected.
The reason for his arrest remains unknown.
Which posts stood out and what makes Global Voices so special?
people had the right to be angry because they suffered deaths.
Shut it, and let us answer.
Health Care System  Global Voices Hungarian prime minister recently compared the Hungarian and British health care systems.
There would be stories if someone starts a hashtag in Azerbaijani language.
Just to hold on to hope.
I just want to ask
However, the president did not sign the law into force.
Please sign to receive this.
Why is it that only the private medical degree programme is seen as a threat to free education?
In addition, many youth are no longer interested in learning these important aspects of their culture.
They asked for land and respect for their language, religion and traditions.
Maybe someone will be able to do something
To improve the art scene in Iran, we need infrastructure, more critical writing and art funding.
They also have some useful links for things you can do to help
They argue these activities are necessary to protecting national security.
I hope they are doing the right thing.
The blogger says the negotiations were fast and the results were concrete.
All of these services are now under threat of being suspended.
On the other hand, Lebanese population and other neighboring countries are well aware of the tragedy in Gaza.
It is time for the base to go back home to Russia.
Because the heads are empty
It would be international news.
The event attracted the attention of the Bulgarian blogging community.
And they play original music.
I think she did a great job
It should be replaced with a different color...
We need you and you are opening our eyes on some key issues no one is talking about.
At the same time, arrests of social media users begin to increase.
I have a problem with the increasing number of South African interests in Ghana.
And who will save South Africa?
I have good Taiwanese friends.
And the embassy never showed up the entire time.
We can be a link in another chain
the images speak for themselves.
Jorge stands in front of his flooded house where his neighborhood used to stand.
Which is the most difficult
People came out to demonstrate following the killings during the protests.
But I think women will remain very active.
They need to help learning values.
If you would like to participate, please enter your name and email below.
An in another post he added
This is how she is described on the blogging site Black Women in Europe
So now as an aftermath a lot of people are in the hospital because of this disease.
But only one event got the most attention.
has accounts of suffering and conflict from villages in Nepal.
I know none of us would like a relative treated this way regardless of what they did.
We are opposed to all forms of state censorship and content regulation on the Internet.
This is the first time that a candidate for governor has been elected to office with such low numbers.
There is a hard fight ahead.
in the same way that other people, and other communities have done so over time.
They asked for a meeting to discuss the Museum of the Indian project.
The water is just fine.
According to the Twitter Blog
We are already doing that.
The discussion continued a week later.
This is an American attempt at sectarian conflict in Palestine.
I demand maximum punishment for this crime.
It is not about democracy, for democracy is but a tool.
The general picture looks like this
It makes one wonder about the dream.
Things are different now ...
We are going to prepare a special program devoted to his experience some time in the near future.
One blogger puts it all in one short blog post titled Promises, promises...
Early Christmas  Global Voices Cairo is preparing for Christmas a little bit too early
I pray to God that Zambia should never have a president like him.
But they will do it without saying a word They got used, got trained.
I had to do something every day to counter the enemy.
She started talking about it on Facebook, organizing an opposition.
The political crisis is far from over.
The short version goes like this
And they even play themselves.
Weak president, but not a bad outcome.
posts an article about the historic development of the rights of the people in Nepal.
All these Internet media are a waste of space.
this new law in place.
There is one specific and sensitive issue, however, where social media played an even more significant role
Some users tried to suggest some solutions
His court case began this month.
You can write it down.
Do you consider yourself a writer, blogger or journalist?
The image is in reference to the French show, have you ever seen..?.
This time, she tried a natural birth.
The attacks started as soon as it was reported that the Indian President was to visit the country.
What do these two words explain to you?
The African Elections Project uses new media to monitor and report on elections in African countries.
The law allows this in the UK.
This week has been one of Kenyan politics at its best.
The truth is, I only teach them a step or two.
For Yellow taxi drivers, the struggle for passengers is real.
the land where the opposite of everything is always at least a little bit true.
The Polish drug law is considered to be one of the most severe in Europe.
Why do Latin Americans Travel?
I believe in free expression.
a statement which speaks for itself.
And why the harsh treatment?
His body was inside the vehicle but there were no blood marks on the seats or anywhere.
Is it a dead language?
Malaysian bloggers are proud of him.
along with the crowd which quickly joined in.
There will come a day when we will gain our freedom and dignity.
He quotes a Congolese student, who says
However, in the case of Haiti, they are causing more harm than good.
However, one reader says that they might have been released
The more important point is this
The system is the problem, not the government which results from the system.
Leaders must understand that holding office is a trust, granted by the people, not personal property.
Sexual violence is not a joke
I just hope all was worth it.
Legal, Safe and Free Abortion in Argentina.
This is not the whole truth.
It has also given me a source to get an impression of the world any time I need.
The work does not aim to judge these practices.
And this is probably the single biggest reason for its success.
This is a great start for me and we are moving in the right direction.
We need to stop the chaos, which has been going on for decades.
All the members of the National Assembly are collective failure.
Nobody should be allowed to take this away from us.
But people are always so negative when it comes to technology and Africa.
None of the charges stuck.
they are not the stories of conflict that are more often circulated.
Just like we have been used to be towards this country.
A lot of wounded people around.
She was invited to a wedding of a friend
By no means am I suggesting that one ignore racist acts or persons.
Young age and small experience
By doing the ordinary things we do in Global Voices
They also need to free themselves.
But as the days passed, I realized that more than a responsibility, voting is my right.
I met some Americans on the train.
We will be following closely the debates on this core Information Age issue.
The more you share, the more you know.
Where did they come from?
Do you have a particular audience in mind when you write?
This deal cannot do any good for the local Taiwanese.
Another goal is to spread the concept to other countries.
Give me an example of your average day.
I wrote in that blog
The situation this morning was like this
Saying that I am honest to myself with every piece I put out.
I know they will be good.
International practice is to have a single body responsible for Emergency services.
Immigration reform is again front page news this month.
All young men have been arrested and all women have been lost.
How can I record such a place because my presence ...
A few records have been set at always.
She was asked the same questions many times, and this brought her to wonder
And still others went on to try.
But why should you care?
Complete with pictures and statistics.
What is There to Celebrate?
The channel has recently produced a special documentary program to introduce Kenya.
The blog even notes that it has set up a YouTube channel.
Below is a selection of their views.
Here are some of the comments from Twitter
There are also concerns about the return of direct military rule.
Some have posted photos of their own children.
She is keeping an eye on her home country at the United Nations this week.
It may not happen now, or soon, but some day it certainly will.
Image from Instagram by the author.
All these matters would push any prime minister to go.
he shares his experiences on his blog.
This is not an easy task.
Thousands of Iraqis have fled the homes following the fighting over the city.
An anonymous image widely distributed online.
Either way, one thing is certain
Little do they know of the daily life of local people.
Everyone has the freedom to criticize.
This is the heart of the capital.
Trump You Are Not Welcome.
Apart they return, they claimed that western political system was more advance.
Two new blogs have become active of late
The Internet is what we want it to be.
This post must be original, in other words, the work of the blogger.
You recently reported on the status of freedom of expression in Tunisia.
How can you do this to your own people?
While some types of political content are subject to heavy censorship, others are not.
Eyes on Nepal  Global Voices International eyes on developments in Nepal.
Thanks to all the people who worked on this powerful reality show. ...
This is as it should be.
Those years have been the worst years of my material life as a Nigerian citizen.
What does this have to do with Macedonia?
Whom, how and what do we need to teach?..
And we will try to help make elections democratic.
Cricket is very popular in South Asia.
How would you respond to that line of thinking?
The case was observed to be true in Bolivia.
Now, where we came from?
He wanted to get to Germany.
The bill, which is barely two pages long, also refers to a law that is no longer in force
The result did not come as a shock.
But there is a note of hope
It can be prepared by anyone interested in doing so.
I take over my body with my mind.
Who Would Kremlin Vote For?
To pass on their stories.
That if you want change, you should wait for someone else to go out instead.
This January marks eight years since Global Voices began publishing articles on Global Voices in Spanish.
They explain the idea behind the blog and its name as follows
Even if we have to die for this, at least we have to try.
We would claim to be objective, and ask each other
A group of opposition leaders are now in control of the capital.
I can say that both men died doing what they loved most.
we committed no crime and are too tired to be in prison any more.
Does anyone have any news on that?
HOW TO SHARE YOUR QUESTIONS AND VIEWS
And talking about my experiences and thoughts gives me some sort of relief.
Their website states their aim as
I thought the blogs represented a freedom to share your opinion to a larger audience.
We need your support to reach everyone.
That is the minimum we ask that we live in freedom.
We will not remain silent while this happens.
Although there was some violence earlier today, the protest seems to be peaceful now
Here are a couple of them as an example
There are many people who write blogs while traveling in Peru.
You know better than anyone at Global Voices just how important citizen media is in Iran.
and these were uploaded online as part of the campaign to promote and protect free speech.
Which organizations do you think are doing a good job in the region?
However, bloggers are hoping for peace no matter where they stand on the issue.
I think so, and I must say that social networks allow this to happen in a rather comprehensive way.
First, why is the physical space so limited?
No one intended to go there but the school was built there for many reasons...
We cannot accept acts of violence against the campaign.
This practice, indeed, is a crime against humanity.
Give the city five years of your labor
here are some of the issues they have been reporting
Of course that is also playing into all this.
Is South Africa Off Limits to Other Africans?
The President claims THE STATE IS THERE FOR THE PEOPLE.
President on the first or second round?
In this country death comes easy.
The new law allows for more control and censorship over the Internet.
What kind of people are those and what world do they live in?
But there is no reaction to the Uzbek story.
And as such, they will say
Both types of photos act as proof of marriage.
In Afghanistan, education begins at home.
Now you want to throw at us the million and a half Syrians.
But it needs to be said over and over
Sex trafficking on the rise  Global Voices There appears to be a rise of sex trafficking in Singapore.
Iraq is no different, and its people are calling for change.
But there is one problem here
That is why I will protect it the way I protect you.
the police are now coming back into our part of the city, which we take as a good sign.
But last year, opposition leaders complained of political harassment when criminal cases were filed against them.
The following are some of the photograph posts
Have you ever heard about it?
Like it helps a lot to come this far.
People either love it or hate it.
My ability to survive depends on the death of others.
and raised the photos of three jailed student activists.
How did you choose the artists?
But protests have already begun.
So they planned a protest.
Otherwise your ISIS will come and destroy everything.
The protests turned into riots in a number of cities.
A brother of my husband was there.
The journalist adds  This is not an isolated case.
the group asks its Facebook members.
One wonders where the controversy is.
Personally, I am not in favor of this new Arabic feature.
However, leaving behind her country was not an easy task  Philippines
He was not just a great journalist, but also a great ambassador.
Before you destroy it, you make a crazy scene first.
We can only understand their real situation through their description.
Although Nigeria has a Freedom of Information Act, this does not easily translate into free access to information.
Register for the event here.
How can Syrians abroad help protesters on the ground in Syria?
And the main thing is that the people came out not for the leaders.
He is a good and responsible person.
The number of those killed has been on the rise since.
Who is asking for the Portuguese troops?
Yet it continues to destroy lives in every country and at all levels of society.
Join them on Facebook at People Who Want to Help.
I know that not everything is true that appears on the website, just like many Macedonian websites.
I also write about opportunities that my colleagues can benefit from especially media related training.
That is the only thing that matters.
Bloggers have of course been busy.
Sometimes, the means justify the ends.
It has been going on in this country for years.
the organization of public protests to guarantee gender equality.
These groups have an history of sectarian violence in Pakistan and are banned by law.
I was busy the rest of the day.
should not force to be loved.
Amnesty International details the facts on its website
But the truth is quite different.
Since it was my city, I knew exactly where to go, and in some cases, what to capture.
And what are the reasons?
It is especially hard this time of year.
This is all there is to the world of Winter Light.
There was church on Christmas morning.
However, the outcome of these and other initiatives is hardly visible.
The Internet has also played a crucial role in her efforts to get justice.
They chose to stand up against injustice.
How they managed to survive...
With all this in mind, I imagine the generation that will grow up in Venezuela during the next decade.
Would it be possible to hold elections earlier?
Your country is doing just the opposite.
How can social media and web tool help bridge the gap?
Here is what I found in the Turkish Blogosphere this week
I agree with that, but we as South Africans still have a choice, why such violence?
And these guys just showed up?
Today, the police was more violent than ever.
Netizens were commenting on Twitter as well
He also had that some had given false information to the officers
Her music quickly got recognition.
The history of the Kurdish Question in Turkey is a long and complicated one.
Book dedicated to the public domain.
They also have a Facebook page where you can show your support.
Jordan is an Arab, Muslim country.
They have to see everything and show it to the world, passing it around to everyone.
A few days ago I felt such a moment.
The translation from Kyrgyz reads
The courage of some women makes you wonder.
Where did this man come from?
And Still I Rise explains.
Of course, the study did not discuss political development at all.
Not long ago, he was a law student in Lebanon.
So have things started to change in Chinese broadcasting?
These are stories we believe are important.
and I said no way.
In addition to being a blogger I also tweet.
China Media Project reports that the proposal was criticized by domestic media over the weekend.
I am proud to be Iranian.
How could this happen in our society?
He asked in regard to the announcement
how long will it take?
Photo widely shared on social media.
Resistance in Tehran  Global Voices Libya
Here is a selection of pictures of the voting day shared on Twitter
Will the current PM and the president agree about the Prime Minister position?
In her message to Europe, May mentioned values a number of times, including
I know the value of equality.
Ten years ago we saw the potential of mobile technology and the tools available to the public.
are the supreme court judges above the law?
There are those that believe blogs are dying out.
Some bloggers blame Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for failing to keep his economic promises.
Bloggers do the same, and in cases like this, often have the same sources.
My strength and will were gone.
We lost the first round ...
You can enter banned words in the title here, or you can change the title later.
stay at your warm place and watch TV...
You will have to rule with the opposition.
So this is my argument
Price increased for the first time in more than two decades.
and Other Chinese Reactions to the South China Sea Ruling  Global Voices Left
But that was the last his family or friends heard from him.
Either a bad sign of things to come or a regime that has completely run out of moves.
Where is my Freedom of speech?
How much do people appreciate what you do?
Why no discussion on why the Broadcasting Council exists?
and refused to change it.
Polls Closed After Turkey Votes in Second Crucial Election this Year.
lots and lots and lots of them.
The Service has not said what its next step will be.
The ability to turn no news into headlines.
Some Iranian bloggers outside Iran considered this event important and wrote about it too.
Well, then it all took off.
This is easier said than done.
there has been racism on television.
According to a website run by his family and friends
She is in no doubt that this lack of concern is due to the electoral campaign
While many residents say they are happy with their new homes, there were also problems.
On their Facebook pages, they explain the reasons for their actions
The law enforcement bodies can kill a prisoner and explain it to the public as suicide.
This time, Guyana is his territory of choice.
He was just happy with the camera in his hands.
I also worked with my brother in some short films he made.
They have gone through so much and the stories they tell have you inspired by their moral strength.
or at least it will die trying
What he does is never for himself alone, and this hard won victory will benefit us all
Most people sleep on the floor.
If you look back, you get a reflection that is different than the first one you made.
We hope they will do so.
Photo courtesy the artist, used with his permission.
She is happy for the service
And he is a serious man, I have to say.
The Egyptian legal system has become the target of much criticism.
Hundreds of ordinary Burmese people joined the protest.
His party is part of the government and will certainly be equally blamed.
How did all this start?
American president George Bush announced more sanctions against Myanmar.
What can our kids do?
she just has to buy it, otherwise the car will not move.
But who is looking after the interests of the volunteers?
I mean, it feels good to blame our problems on someone else.
The Kenya Monitor app will seek to change this.
How you feeling about the Olympics?
Perhaps more will see it as the day goes on?
A number of journalists are using new media tools to report and monitor the elections.
No victims have been reported so far.
My first wish was to ask
The question is open as to how interested they really are in helping Africa.
He had his own face, dark and beautiful.
This then raises the question
In one hand he holds a police officer, in the other he holds a judge.
It was an IT company.
I am free at last.
How successful do you think you have been in your campaign?
But for peace, I can learn to do many things and work with dignity.
At the age of five, they told him his mother had disappeared.
Well, it is not really a choice.
It is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise.
She shared her story and a screen shot in this post.
There were three tweets that the official referred to.
Bahrain one step in the right direction.
Global Voices Protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
I had never seen anything like that.
I heard the first explosion early that day.
They are the faces and the living stories behind the statistics we hear.
Anyone who would like to go is invited
I work in a public medium, I have always believed in the public and will always support them.
What else do the police need?
In the face of serious and growing concerns of the country, this bill has no space for legislative attention.
This was nine years ago today.
Another comment on Facebook reads
Now not only do I translate but I have the opportunity to write my own pieces.
The two images on the bottom show how people protest in Russia left and Tajikistan right.
But you know, no one in Egypt was sad at all.
In his long post, he pointed out
What, were you afraid of the Soviet regime in the past ten years, too?
They refused to do so.
the first time a woman has been appointed a deputy minister in the history of this country.
Others are supported by city governments.
We look forward to your participation, here in Chile and around the world
We constantly bring ourselves down.
But that was not to be the case
She was the last living of the older generation.
Things take time, but our hopes are still so high.
He cited the case of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and technology company Apple
Other passengers were also affected by the attack.
all we were missing is you
For this last category, the blog content can be in French or English.
Last time the reason was health care legislation.
We accept text, audio, videos and photos.
This year the mainstream media launched special coverage of the celebration of independence on TV and on the web.
Recently, he returned with his family to Israel after several years in Japan.
People try to keep together.
Read more about her here.
and that is already not free trade.
How many children did the King have??
Male, the capital of Maldives.
We want to return to our land.
There is no doubt that the blog has contributed the growth of her online fan base.
Like many others, he did not turn against the new leader but kept an open mind
And in that spirit I welcome the trend.
If that is the sad truth, do we have any hope of changing that image?
We throw things away, and much of what we know of ourselves often go with them.
And this is exactly what many say is going on now.
The post has inspired an active comment conversation.
Can we put a stop to it and get rid of it in a fundamental way??
Blogs are not only a good source of information and knowledge but also a social networking tool.
We hope that this is fake news.
Nigerians Decide Another website that allows Nigerians to vote online is Nigerians Decide
Should we again fight against the government?
Thanks for all your support.
We consider that the police has now begun to apply this conspiracy law on innocent citizens.
Below the question he posted a video of his favorite moment in Nigerian Football
Where else can one be better off than home?
How many people in Afghanistan actually read blogs?
The torture and abuse is continuing as I write.
This is just a very simple night.
I lost hope in freedom of the press in Jordan a long time ago.
We know that you have felt this
At most, they can kill you.
The Thai Student Center for Democracy warned the government that protests will continue
Maybe the girl in the picture will never know.
At this point, I would have to say we are failing the public in this respect.
A new mayor, without a majority.
Read the English translation of the post here.
Lie back and go to sleep.
So what does the meaning of red in Taiwan political context?
The case of Morocco is not unique.
the something was the home run.
Never black and white and never good and bad
The Defense Minister made the following declaration on national television  Russia
We know that Donald Trump says things as he sees them, not necessarily as they are.
Inside the New Global Sex Trade.
Not bad for seven months online.
Not a few netizens have different opinions.
Some netizens believe the latest incident will only make Tajik football more interesting.
We expect them to be seen and not heard.
I wonder, who he was talking about?
The central government has refused to allow a legal referendum on independence from Spain.
One thing is for sure in this heated conversation
Here is a short roundup.
I really wonder do the Government know what they are doing.
There was also a open to all question and answer session.
New media is no longer a free world.
The American news outlets changed the facts about the former flag.
He said he plans to return to Trinidad in early January.
What is your educational background?
Days went by and I missed the concert.
And they can at least collect the money they put in, plus interest, when they leave the company.
but now I have my own blog...
But please tell me one thing
books are no less effective in changing life and its history regarding political events.
Global Voices Welcome back to the Turkish Blogosphere
But one thing is certain
No country should ever give permission to kill its people without consequences.
Forget our government, we have no such.
At what point is private sector going to be involved?
Do you belong to a political party?
In Afghanistan, the lines are not clear.
How much do you want, just tell me.
I struck up a conversation
The search notice from Weibo states
Almost all of Latin America has increased its scientific production year after year.
Bloggers have handed their blogs over to new owners.
Children have been called out of school.
Why have you not spoken out in the name of peace as yet?
We work on creating services and stand for open competition.
The reason is people no longer live there.
All of them want to go back.
No, I can say she is a special Saudi human being.
A few weeks ago I visited Mexico.
Every week such incidents take place.
What can be done to protect the media freedom environment in Hong Kong?
I am saying the opposite.
One of the specific concerns involves the tourism sector.
I told them over and over ...
And the Oscar goes to...
One person she helped was my brother.
The protesters are demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister.
Get out of my city and my country
Music and art in addition to other activities is strongly encouraged.
After that, it became very difficult for Muslims to enter to the mosque.
But I was not that.
I can hear you, just want to give you a hard time.
The owner noticed what had happened and asked for help from security guards.
and Our country, our laws
To keep their eyes open.
These will help bloggers to know the current trends and future cooperation.
The ruling coalition and the opposition parties have blamed each other for the incidents.
Photo taken from the WAVE
From the blog of As normal as I can be.
If you want to protest, do it.
What about the men in the cities?
Many others are doing nothing and waiting to see what will happen.
In the group, they share their experiences, and listen to and support one another.
No paper, no electricity, no news
Sustainable solutions are very simple to implement and extremely dangerous not to.
These conflicts have also been drawing a lot more media attention.
He is still not home.
Come on, save your honor...
Africa tells the same story over and over again.
if I have nothing positive say then I am not going to say it.
There are millions of new internet users every month, almost all on mobile.
Yet some see the need to distance themselves from it when it is attacked.
We who understand technology have failed to bridge the digital divide.
In real terms they want to say Third World music.
You should not be scared either.
however, few know about the European Representatives and the pressure groups that influence them.
I hope to see peace in South Caucasus.
The network informed on Twitter
Last week, the Google Arabia blog announced the addition and the reasons behind it
The news made headlines in various media outlets, and Twitter users shared photos of the human chain
Brief History  Global Voices The Middle East News blog shares with us a brief history of Syria here.
In this place you call home.
I have, however, a stronger reason not to vote for her.
So, we enter the First Digital War.
Why does my partner hit me?
He is also an activist, attorney, and a journalist.
then to whom are we supposed to turn for that leadership?
Will you accept such kind of marriage?
You can hear them commenting saying
Malaysia has the highest numbers of migrant workers in Southeast Asia.
and I could feel something.
The weak defense system of the Philippines is no secret.
And so my story begins...
A post at All things Pakistan, pays special thanks to the crowd in Dhaka for their support.
So what do you think they did?
Poverty leads to increase in crime.
Right now, things are bad in Pakistani media...
According the radio team, they plan to also expand to Internet radio.
Does this mean that things will get easier for artists?
I turned on the TV.
Mr. President, we urge you
Free Trade or Fair Trade?
So, home is my first port of call.
Their latest, A Welcome Thought, does just that.
We should be able to meet again, this time for much longer.
what is needed, then, is a better understanding of how and why corruption happens.
Now to find a place where I can sleep on these street I have come to know.
If found guilty she faces up to ten years in prison.
My target audience is Cambodian women worldwide who wish to be a positive force in their community.
These days, Taiwanese have been discussing three important transportation projects
Many are disappointed not so much by the content but by the context of the constitution vote.
The nature of the new birth the new birth is a new creation.
However, he notes, the station needs to learn a few important lessons about blogging and citizen media.
Some say he fled to the Democratic Republic of Congo.
They asked me whether I was held there against my will.
We celebrate today in Panama.
United We Blog as always has great on the ground coverage and commentary
Who is to blame for Gaza?
Do they know they need it?
After all, his father was allowed to get away with much more serious charges.
Here is one of them
It will not be easy due to cost of internet access but I believe she will do her best.
I read everything that you write.
This is simply a technical issue
but this is only a change of location.
And a blog, also in Russian.
and they were probably right.
Among some of the Tweets are
How would he explain that his city is now history?
I have never been to Europe, or Africa, or South America or even most of the Caribbean.
In the end they were released.
Immediately after the round table session, he wrote on Twitter
The judge said that the court head is responsible for such decision.
They know every person in their areas.
The only violence I witnessed came from police.
I believe there are other Russian journalists that can say the same thing about themselves.
Indonesia has one of the biggest and most active Twitter and Facebook communities in the world.
Simply protesting is not going to work.
Photo taken from his Twitter account.
Why cry only when you are in the opposition?
If you want to get out of serving prison time, you need to talk to us.
Discrimination against women in employment is common according to the UN.
They had not heard what had been said.
I knew it would only be a matter of time.
However, the opposition questioned whether the national budget could afford new spending.
But whatever is done, there is a thought, how the country will progress after the war.
I told her to keep it cool.
Do your blogs in four different languages reflect the way people communicate in Timor?
This was how it started.
All three also happened to be Russians of South or North Caucasus heritage.
You mentioned your love of reading.
I will not leave my rights behind.
This is a translation and republished with permission.
Will they ask the Guardian, New York Times and Washington Post to ask for permission too?
Sex and Surveillance on the Chinese Internet.
A man stood on his way
It feels like the corner has been turned on the crisis this morning.
Two new blogs noted this week
Rape and other kinds of violence against women continue to be a serious issue in Mexico.
I hope the tragedy will not be repeated.
A threat to national security?
Indeed, we received thousands of immigrants from Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Central America.
All images used with permission.
The African Diaspora Film Festival  Global Voices The African Diaspora Film Festival is taking place in New York
There were also rallies on Sunday in support of the King, who is still popular.
For some , however, the situation is simply black and white
I and my colleagues look into new technical solutions that already exist in the West.
Stories of life and death.
Look, China is full of democracy, freedom and human rights
A few weeks later, I asked her about her own personal history.
If you want to continue working here, you need to be with us...
They are held in control by force, but barely.
Blog Search  Global Voices Good news for all bloggers
The world had witnessed a bloody birth of Bangladesh.
What they publish depends on each one of them.
But the flooding which hit the country last year was the worst in a decade.
This is how I reported the news on my own blog.
It was supposed to be a place for people to have some rest.
Any thoughts on Body of Lies?
It makes one feel good.
or better yet a referendum to let the public decide.
I was also too young.
Read the complete, very interesting post...
She writes of her experience
In other words, we accepted him as our own and were happy together with him.
that I will be a father.
It is going to create more chaos and resistance.
Also on the list were two Russians
Even though this is my rock, you can use it sometimes.
Human trafficking presents enormous challenges for sustainable human development in the Caribbean.
Give back the life of my son.
Please share and let me know what I have missed.
Price for speaking truth to power...
The video shows both victims in a Syrian hospital with two Syrian doctors describing the circumstances of the attack.
They showed what they saw.
But they are also many readers from Europe, and a few from Canada and the US.
Have you ever tried them?
There is almost no health care and few schools.
The problem, in any case, is not one regarding the government.
And I did something creative.
African Twitter users quickly responded.
One of the results of the release?
There has also been controversy surrounding some of the voting.
May we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security??
First rule of the ad business
The first virtual chat was conducted a month ago about the corruption scandal in Taiwan.
She provides some context in a post about the project
Did blogs made any difference?
That is why the diaspora needs to do everything else possible, and money is key.
Some bloggers have visited this contest and published photos of the event.
An Egyptian commented on the same incident in Arabic and in English saying
This is the best option.
Please go back home for Spring Festival this year
It is nice to have our country visited by Mr Ban.
What is your take on free speech and the Internet?
This generation is not like the ones you know...
Corruption is really a big problem.
From Iran to the World
Let us hope this will be the case again.
Georgian media should care about human lives, right?
And then, speaking directly to the Nobel Prize winner, she added
Despite the focus on violence, the majority of the demonstrations were peaceful.
training on media, whether new or old is never easy.
Last weekend, the democratic elections for this blogging committee were held online.
Global Voices has reported on this violence in the past.
Most important, it strikes at the very core of democracy
Here are some of the posts of notice.
We need to remain together and stay safe.
Obviously the online community could not remain silent on the issue.
It will also affect free speech.
We have two projects we plan to join and help out.
They look and ask if they are a boy or a girl.
No, even on this video you can hear that there was an exchange of fire between two sides.
A number of public figures also expressed their concern.
I would have burned it...
What can be achieved in a weekend that they have failed to achieve in two months?
If we are talking about reform can we please start with Jordanian media?
It was foreign to them.
In order to give an answer, I have to ask another question.
For now, one thing is for sure
Besides her blog, you can follow this author on Twitter.
The articles are in fact more much involved than the part struck down by the Constitutional Council.
We were able to get it, but he died You know what?
His body was returned to his family by the regime, with clear evidence of torture.
I was born in Tokyo and lived in an entirely Japanese environment until I was six.
I merely stayed here for ten minutes.
The idea is to allow bloggers to promote their content by using their own and other fellow blog spaces.
For me, I am so proud of America right now.
Fourth, Uzbekistan will gain more authority in Central Asian region.
Everything remained in government hands.
Photo from Flickr user Secretary of Defense.
she had been the center of his life.
In cases related to the judiciary, I will respond by direct communication or in joint meetings.
Therefore, spoken word events and social media make sense.
Does anything good ever happen in Africa?
That, I thought, is at least one thing I can find out when we meet.
There has been no official declaration yet.
I support the early elections, but no earlier than the first half of October.
It is a problem of Chinese culture.
In that case its important that you can count on your own people, your country and your Government.
Where would I have gone?
This is all very new to me and some of it I may even have wrong.
The growing popularity is easy to understand.
We still wonder why we never progress though we never learn.
We do not understand democracy.
The photo was accompanied by the following comment
How does that play out in Hong Kong?
To vote or not to vote.
But to be honest, I do not think he will ever become.
Will they arrest the people who viewed it also?
Those on the other side do, too.
The latter will be covered in following posts soon.
The number depends on who is talking at the moment.
It was a great call by the journalists to ask tourists to not visit Fiji.
They are showing footage of Taliban crimes.
These blogs, these voices exist.
Why it was necessary to block it then?
Photo used under a Creative Commons license.
I, however, find it proper to raise this simple question
Of course, those in front say no.
The authorities do not have the technical solution.
The Venezuelan opposition was not alone in condemning the political move
Love and truth beat torture and repression.
Our President will do everything so that we live well.
And boy, how they were abandoned
Armenia and azerbaijan got into a war and russia is bombing azerbaijan.
In most cases, they are also left without any kind of protection from the State.
I felt like I saw areas of my city for the first time.
So if that is the case then what Qatar has done is fair.
Solutions for the local population?
I want it to destroy the structure of the Polish local governments.
Answer new calls that come in.
Our laws, our politicians, and courts have not represented the interests of the Puerto Rican people.
And He laid down for him certain conditions
They added people in power apparently enjoy creating crisis.
What does this mean for journalism in Pakistan?
For more information and to participate check with their website.
I needed to tell the truth.
What year are we in again?
Before you do this, make sure that the two English words really do mean the same thing.
Too hard to explain, too difficult to understand.
However, not all politicians in Latin America have failed in the same way.
In other news, the wave of strikes and protests has not allowed the country to rest.
to silence those with different opinions.
He would turn the economy around.
One of these points is
This photo is going viral on Twitter and on Facebook.
Guess whom these parties hate?
These youth movements which support the government are calling their members to come out and attack demonstrators ...
such protests really do matter to me.
A picture says more than a thousand words and there are still a thousand stories to be told.
Here is an example of a truly human relationship to other people
It has changed his life
And we do like to argue.
Your application must include the following information
I wanted to make sure my family is safe.
Is this just about corporate behavior, can they have the power to silent the media and the legal department?
The Facebook page supporting her case posted the following update
This is something that I truly respect.
She said it in such a low tone that I found it difficult to hear her.
The source refused to identify the state authority that issued the order.
I know because my father talked about it at home.
I have defended my seat
By the end of the game, you get used to it, too.
This is what Australia Day should be about.
The president ALSO should have freedom of expression
The following are Twitter reactions to the news
Has the blog allowed you to get closer to your neighbors?
Love for the least among us.
This is daily life for the Palestinians of Gaza.
It launched a Press Release on its website, saying
This is not an average.
But we celebrate him because of his principles.
is the government going to follow public opinion, and actively respond to them?
People were obviously in shock at what had happened to their neighborhood.
The city has some Catholic schools, but they are not the majority.
There is little investigative reporting.
At this point I started running, as did my village.
If we want to contribute, what should we send to you words, photos, videos?
Families that are full of silence.
She adds that authorities seem more prepared this time around in the capital city
Only discussion can solve this problem and not so much a trial.
Do you have interests in the Middle East?
Of course, that in part is a commentary on how poor Asian soccer is.
The artist posts photos of the art on an associated Facebook page before they are removed by authorities.
I only need to change the characters.
Election day  Global Voices Today is election day in Cambodia.
From his public Facebook page.
However, the press in Bangladesh has begun to openly challenge this military government.
Below are some of these reactions.
My husband is in great pain.
They even have a Facebook account.
He supports the idea of an African Central Bank
The Ethiopian government is a case in point.
All those who have been charged under the law have also been convicted.
An . This is exactly what I told him
There are now enough of us to be a problem.
The debate has also brought to light a number of other issues.
For Media Freedom has also asked authorities to solve all cases of murdered journalists, and to investigate recent attacks.
That might maybe make it constitutional.
You can read the first three posts in this series here and here and here.
There are many who need to look a little further.
Reporters asked how she pulled that off.
In addition, most social attitudes about female farmers are negative.
It takes time before reader come to your blog regularly.
And it is on the increase.
Something of this sort maybe happening now.
North Korea Tech blog explains in more detail.
You mentioned plans to start posting your own reviews.
Recently it is suffered from serious pollution.
Why would we make any threat?
How these people are going to live and feed their families in the next month?
Why have they left France?
Such an idea is coming from the western world.
We need to create some platform to strengthen the respect of one another.
Amazon All links in this post lead to Spanish language sites unless otherwise stated.
Poor people in poor countries.
So this time around, we will not let that freedom be taken away from us so very easily
What response did you get from readers?
Website design was cool for a moment, but it was limited to those who knew how to design.
The event organizers had to change its location several times.
Not everything is for everyone.
Can we move on now?
But the police action sparked outrage among supporters of the organisation.
where else in the world will you find this?
Where was technology being applied in the voting exercise?
When the kids are there, the change is amazing
At his request, we will not use his name in this article.
you have no idea how wonderful this is.
The law enforcement officers came over to me.
Here are a few examples.
Because even those who love him, love their country more than they love him.
Kuwait has never had freedom the way some describe it.
More on Global Voices Advocacy blog
Please write more in Arabic and stop using French for us to be able to understand you.
Updates from the ground indicate that these services are still accessible.
Looks like China is becoming more democratic.
Too Huge World, a western aid worker in Sudan took a screen shot of the page and reports this
And their children, the future of Serbia, became wild.
Why does it have to be shown to everyone?
I wish the same destroyed life upon them.
The post has received interesting responses.
Later, the photos were removed from their page.
I teach at a number of schools in the city and the response has been great.
We hope that it has helped you, and if it has, we have done our job.
But China can only take one step at a time.
You have a right to vote and you must vote.
Perhaps these recent events in the city marked the beginning of more activity on online social networks.
She also notes that Myanmar is receiving very little humanitarian aid to treat people with AIDS.
I had to ask for permission in advance.
It used to be mixed.
It is also a response to the moral crisis of the society where people no longer trust each others.
And people from as far away as Peru and Japan have participated in protests against the meeting.
International human rights organizations considered the case politically motivated.
Or it may lie in the fourth child of a family in Africa or India.
Who are our readers, where are they, and where do they find us?
One blogger compares blogs in the USA and in the Arab world.
Nobody knows what is being hit.
But it would not surprise me if there is no record of any person who worked that shift.
He was a part of the art establishment and had quite a high profile career.
Her case has shocked Mexico and every person who comes across her story.
Both are victims of the same set of problems.
Making sense of it was difficult.
Some of the participants at the event.
Because we have the strength of rule of law.
Almost every major newspaper or magazine have carried a related story.
There is enough time to prepare for that.
After not much thought I did indeed register.
this is why we believe that we should be here for much longer.
They spoke our language, some of them were even from the same city.
Nothing in me is healthy, if it is correct to say so.
Of course, we did not remain calm nor stop our threatening.
It does not mean anything.
You need to register, add a description, a photograph, and fill out your profile.
There was a lot of discussion on Facebook among Iranians.
While freedom of expression is extremely important, this is public property.
In a later post, the blog reported
I refuse to take violent acts as normal.
This news was welcome by all sectors of Malawi.
The proposed new constitution will be put to vote in August this year.
All assume this must be someone from Moscow.
And of course, we all want to know
Does your Haitian heritage come into play at all in the series?
All private Facebook status updates in this post have been quoted with permission.
In July, another hashtag campaign spread through social media in Ukraine and Russia.
I wonder what God told that gang leader about his gang activities?
I have suddenly become an advocate.
I full agree with your point of view.
Finally, two Tweets worth highlighting
Simply, he is prepared to do whatever it takes.
It still seemed just around the corner, or at least the corner after that.
This week, there has been little political discussion, and the bloggers focus on writing about culture.
It has always been and always will be.
I recently attended French film festival and, before that, Spanish film festival.
They said that they had no permission to get involved.
This is what had happened.
So Does the Debate  Global Voices UPDATE
From there, it spread to other cities nearby.
The idea surely needs to spread.
The next step is giving women the freedom to move, travel, seek medical treatment, study abroad and work.
There will come a day when we will gain what we went out fighting for.
I know most, no, almost all of the actors, at least by face and some are very good friends.
The author of Moving Images, Moving People
Ordinary Chinese people suddenly realized
I remember a picture from downtown restaurant that night.
Why Is It Important For A Politician To Blog?
Supporters seek to bring attention to the stories of real people beyond what the media has chosen to cover.
They grew up in chaos and in the chaos they live the best.
He is not the leader of the world who I mean.
This is the best translation I could think of.
For example, one comment says
Blogger take a break from their discussions to enjoy some music.
There was complete silence all around.
Then he presents a letter he received from the young student
Get ready for another crackdown.
I lost my family, my job, my advocacy work, my income.
And this despite what official statistics will tell us.
and none of her old pictures was good enough.
No to war, peace right now.
Was it always meant to be broadcast through both TV and the Internet?
Some were forced to write letters.
In half an hour the shooting began...
Or is the path destroyed?...
She compares the political and economic situation between Egypt and Uganda
Fashion is art and art should never be killed.
Why do people commit honor crimes?
Recently, almost all the major news stories about them have been negative in tone.
This is more common than you think.
I just have one question and I think it can reflect the question of anyone with COMMON SENSE.
YOU SHOULD UNDERSTAND ONE THING
It created the second wave of discussion.
In this post we hear about two women with a great love of nature
What are the three things you love most about being a blogger?
In this sense, the Chinese are no different from the French.
He does not, however, seem to speak English.
However, the blogger notes, everything has its limits.
Global Voices Water or the lack of it
Is there transparency in our justice system?
But the young women protested that and left her marriage.
And I force myself to write.
Here are five of them.
He put his head out.
if you want to help timor, the first thing to do is to get the facts right..
But maybe that is where the danger lies.
By the way, I knew him only today because of this news.
His detention has captured attention of mainstream media and political representatives from different countries.
Here is one part of the song
Man needs to account for his action when time comes.
Some of what they shot made its way into the finished film.
I am no less Venezuelan, and no less a writer.
Here is what I can think of now
For this to happen, many had to turn a blind eye.
Others completely deny it even exists.
If not down right offensive
Very funny but also very true.
Indeed, it is true that registered parties are free to participate in the elections.
One had been to Israel before but for some reason has decided to stay here in Morocco.
The letter attacks the current administration in Thailand.
Creating jobs is indeed necessary, but the military police is also.
This NGO is the largest and one of the most popular ones in Tunisia.
This thinking is in the wrong direction.
These photos speak for themselves.
How dangerous can blogging be?
So what exactly are you claiming?
I started reading and saw stories about other volunteers.
It would be interesting to check how expensive every election campaign has been.
How can they control it?
Was it necessary to go to court?
the main problem in my community is water problem.
In order to put them in action, two things are to be done by the protesters.
There is however a lot that needs to be done in order to prevent the disease from spreading larger.
How do we decide who is the owner of the land?
Two of our shows this year are based on actual historical events
Which version of these events is the truth?
He was killed one month later.
Who is Fighting Whom, and Why?
I went up to the office and left the papers.
After all, too much does not happen too suddenly, nor does very little take long.
And there are people who give their vote to such a politician?
The hearing had to take place today.
Now, suddenly, they are talking about the need to reform the governance of Indonesian football.
Elections should be done only in the south and southeast funny
Google has turned into some kind of god, or force of nature.
And yet they have to work for it.
Politics and Culture  Global Voices A Czech roundup
But then when she had another blood test, the results shocked her.
Do we have the basis for unity?
So I decided I would not vote.
It seems that all dreams are possible to achieve.
Then wounded people started to cry.
Two writers in particular have had a huge influence on me.
Omar began to see a lot of truth in these words.
And the Church should stay out of the State.
It shows a basic lack of understanding of American society
may he Rest in Peace, I remember PM David..
He tweets the following photographs to back up his report
Here is how the program began
What are your views on this emerging issue?
And to those traveling to the US, he says
So South Africa may also be said to have made its small contribution to the European refugee crisis.
This is a good idea.
The debate as well as the investigation into the killing continues.
To me, the choice was a bit of a surprise.
This Tweet from the Muslim community supports that thought
Facebook activism or military service?
It was about the flooding in Brazil.
The group mentioned past examples on Twitter
Now, as you know we are in critical situation by earthquake.
We will soon be launching a street harassment report.
Now, for this post, I chose something I have heard of but never tried making before.
Within a few hours thousands had signed up to help.
But obviously I was wrong, and it finally happened to me.
And why did she start a science blog?
I guess this was appropriate.
What Next, After Former President Is Denied Entry?
The pope has rejected the ruling.
I stopped posting online for about three months.
In one post, he writes
As reported in one of the local papers
We fell in love with the concept and started off from there.
I was doing that on my own for a long time.
However, many still have hope that it will be back.
Some choose to say nothing
There are no criminal charges against them, and neither has a criminal record.
What also happened was that people started using a new hashtag
The Internet is an open world of information that has various doors.
And this time no one tried to get me back.
How slow can it get?
We are amongst ourselves, in the community.
Once upon a time in Syria, ...
What if the bloggers are found guilty?
Some of your players have been in the past victims of trafficking.
They joined the rally, holding a banner with words
The case has caused strong reactions that have led to protests on the streets and on the web.
Is speaking the truth his crime?
Regardless, there were many difficulties in my reporting.
We are far from reaching that goal, but some important steps are being taken in the right direction.
Some are full of harsh criticism, while the other are not to surprised with the developments.
It is very difficult for people to accept such a strange performance.
Government is not required to provide an office in the Office of the President.
And well, you now know I have neither.
Did you know that I get ready to sexual harassment as i shot the door?
Two years later, the army is still in control of the government.
Sales hit five billion US dollars.
This guys do not know half of the things they claim to know.
She knew her place in society and carried herself with great dignity.
I was running from one funeral to the other.
My family was shot dead.
Very often, their news sources are blogs.
I made a fourth version with the whole of South America.
I remember a lady friend telling me about her experience with sexual assault.
Related to the previous question, obviously freedom of expression is limited.
An online petition was initiated urging the public to support the campaign
More Than a Half Century Later, How Should Jamaica View Its Independence Day?
Amnesty International has also called for signing the campaign petition
India seems to be an easy target.
But now I have a new disease
People were happy because they thought that their suffering was over.
This page is not blocked.
What can you tell us about this?
The leader of the Executive Committee starts giving his speech.
Some probably paid to show up.
Many things happened within less than a week.
This is bad for the kids too.
Use of alternative energy is expected and necessary.
Those elections took place according to a mixed electoral system
it was not much of a surprise.
He is also known as the father of cultural history and modern social science.
they have money, let them pay.
The Ministry of Interior has issued a statement on the events on their official website
My mother asked what would happened if the war started?
The first thing I asked my students was about what kind of movies they watched.
Her next tweets are sent on the way to a hospital.
He seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere.
For many of them, it is their first time abroad.
We will hold the line.
One way or the other, those who left died in our minds.
Without this technology in place, it is difficult for internet users to access websites hosted in other countries.
For this to happen we have to demand it together.
It seems like some dead people are actually not that dead.
By the looks of it NOT
But there was something else I did regularly.
Bloggers from the neighboring countries are posting their thoughts and support.
They chose to speak the truth.
With some of them I have even become friends.
The rest of the members are Afghan bloggers throughout the world.
It just shows that money, in this case, can do more evil than good.
Where Have All the Bloggers Gone?
the Castro official who was present at the Senate hearing.
Public domain image shared by Wikimedia.
The other is Global Voices.
But what about blogs written by Latin American women?
I have lived in peace and I want my children to enjoy the same life ...
Many cars of relief organizations can be seen.
A photo clearly showing a check mark.
We have to continue to do so.
To get used to receiving punishment in all forms.
Has your activism caused you any problems?
Afghan bloggers share their experiences and feelings on this historic day.
Until or unless we have the right attitude in leadership positions, violence against women will never be addressed.
The story is far from over.
I think many people will understand me.
From language we move to food.
My question to bloggers is
Time and address provided in the post.
Why he did what he did?
She says she does not use Facebook, which is banned in Iran.
I did not want to participate in the demonstration due to the following reasons
none of the people who used to know who you really are near you any more.
He also points out that this is the second security incident this year
It was crazy getting to work today
Tell us about your academic career.
All four children are in school, leaving little time to work and bring in income.
Photo from his public Facebook page.
Social media users who actively engage with a broad public on various civic issues are also being targeted.
How safe is too safe??
Global Voices Blog South Africa asks, what the hell is going on in South Africa?
Politics Want to know what is going on?
And if none of that works?
Once the news spread, my life changed.
The video was taken from across the border in Iran.
He had a good idea why not.
.. the top news story here.
Black Monday is a warning strike by all women in Poland.
No Israelis have been killed in the operation.
One type among this group is similar to those independent journalists working in Hong Kong.
It just had to be started and the rest went by itself.
The idea is to launch an organization to the effect.
In an interview with this author, the group discussed the importance of street art
Obama and Nobel Peace Prize???
Looks like they mean the people of India.
You have to see this one.
They state in the press release for the video
I do want readers to learn something about sources, ways to buy produce, clean it, store it.
Its always been a struggle for women to be included in the Boys Only Club.
Their hope is that a proposed bill called The DREAM Act will be passed soon.
He took three steps towards the police who then began to fire tear gas at the crowd.
Here are the main events, as far as I have been able to track them
It is too easy to excuse ourselves, and say this money could be better spent somewhere else.
We should raise our voices in protest.
This is big in very many ways.
If you are a Pakistani blogger or write about Pakistan please submit your blog here.
Who are the people running the project at the moment?
Follow Jos Eduardo for more information about sports on his blog and on Twitter.
Majority of people eat it, because they have been told it is good for them.
From the Facebook page of Pakistan Youth Alliance.
Not having to go five days straight with nothing to eat.
we all should spread this idea out among those who need this
I can only think of one answer
The trial itself did not meet international standards for a fair trial.
there should be one or two major parties for Kenyans to choose their president.
On Twitter, the world continues to watch and react to developments in Yemen.
However, one does not need to know very much.
Had he found the meaning too late??
Her desire to connect leads to using the web.
They blog their ideas and their feelings in many languages including English.
How a minute can change things.
Therefore, this man will continue being violent throughout his life.
The decision has denied all our efforts.
Still trying to figure out where Azerbaijan is...
People do not yet feel a creative part of the Net.
So I did the next best thing.
What makes someone a Lebanon blogger?
Photo shared on her Facebook page.
and, finally, seeking to work more at home.
Posts from people on the ground this year are already flooding social media.
The views expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect those of Global Voices.
This was when violence reportedly broke out, leading to the deaths of several police officers.
How about dealing with domestic issues?
ride at your own risk.
So, this is a normal society.
Long live the youth of democracy and new media.
How is the Western media covering these issues?
How do you collect your data?
Why do you think that it has been well received?
This scandal has become a hot argument on the Internet.
Now you have a conflict, so is it going to be a short story?
He would have to be given the opportunity.
Asian Films Now Less Asian?
Countries do not have friends, they have interests.
Toll Roads, Constitutional or Too Much?
The head of search to all evil things.
Walk us through the process of its creation.
I invite you guys to take a look at this interesting campaign.
the video shows situations of child abuse.
Will we Arabs ever wake up?
Our country is now in a sea of problems.
Three films actually won the award.
What began in the UK eventually spread to the US, Canada, Germany, Greece and Spain.
But what if that dog is a crazy one?
Marriage is worth nothing compared to an apartment.
Lucky we can still afford rice
Prisoners could not see what would be done to them.
The Mexican government needs to take this into account.
He urged his followers to copy his views and spread it via other social media outlets
With more bus comes greater operating cost.
Thursday morning will never be forgotten by thousands of people in Eastern Cuba.
In one of them he wondered
One of the bloggers writes
My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died.
I am currently working in Humanitarian Aid, in Sudan.
We did the same thing last year.
The state and blogs Ukrainian authorities continue a policy based on little or no understanding of new media.
Health agencies have published a list of safe products from China.
We feel with everything every Egyptian is going through.
I did not know anyone like me.
Does this mean you train them?
I work for the same organization, doing the same thing.
The story was our most popular published post in April.
The biggest part of them are occupied only for a month during the summer.
No, I will not cry.
The federal government arrived at a moment in which the citizens wanted change.
However, if the community wants to be taken seriously...
will you have enough to eat tomorrow?
At least that was until this year.
We cannot simple sit still and watch each other die.
And apparently, not all of them are happy.
The operation will last till Monday.
why should we care about anyone?
or those who gave the orders to shoot.
has become a symbol of Western culture in the area...
Parents of the victims are still seeking formal justice.
And when they had drawn back a step he added
That makes me a Trinidadian
Uzbekistan must recognize the right of its citizens to privacy.
Have you been arrested before?
Leave God out of this
Here is a video of the exchange between the young African leaders and the president
Since then things got even more intense.
Israelis typically say what is on their minds, and expect people to communicate this way too.
Image from Add Oil Team.
But then day after day, the number of those supporting this call started growing.
Whatever happens I stand with YOU
He was weak at school.
The Global Voices Book Challenge is as follows
He hopes to one day be able to go back to Afghanistan and help those in need.
The US and Iranian meeting today ...
On this note, our live coverage of Hell is over.
My focus is on human interest stories, technology, and the media scene.
After talking about the living we must also remember those who have died.
And these days, people understand that.
Screenshot of a post from a public Facebook profile of an Afghan social media user.
We ask that the world pay attention to people in Afghanistan, who are tired of war.
It is good to be yourself, but girls better be conservative.
How long have you had your blog?
How did you start taking an interest in this area?
Take a look at the celebrating Iraqis on the streets
Do anything you can but please watch it.
Everyone please be more interested in politics
Reactions over this offer remain mixed.
Girls are throwing up inside.
It does bring a voice to everyone and that is how I think it should be used.
I have an identity and I am proud of it.
In general, they approach the content more than the form I use in order to achieve it.
He had to step in
The next step is to walk into an organization or business and apply for a job.
When Will Network Problems End?
I do not want to do any work.
They had obviously recently returned to the city.
This is violence against children
When did you first learn about Global Voices?
I went to the police room, and the guys disappeared.
What I saw was a familiar scene
He then turned around towards me and my friend who was still on the floor.
Which would be the next to step down in a coup?
I will try to send you more information as soon as I have another chance.
When are you coming to Malawi?
In this statement, she said
Stop to consider that for a while.
And well, my spirit was raised.
But who are those people?
October Is another America Possible?
I attended a higher education committee hearing in the afternoon.
At the end, world can judge both reports
Which is encouraging, because people just left their cars along the road.
eight of them directly related to the coverage of political campaigns and elections.
The letter has quickly gone viral over the past two days.
Why do you have to wait until every Hong Kong blog is talking about this?
But did Bush speak directly to Israelis that often?
What made hundreds of people so angry?
Cameroon has banned mobile Twitter as the country moves towards elections.
Many Indians have reacted to this news.
Change has become a constant in India.
Without a care in the world.
Why do we have to live like that?
Would anyone on earth want his or her fate to be determined by others?
No one has claimed responsibility of the murder.
I told them this is not any celebration.
Its treatment of political prisoners.
He can appeal this sentence.
However her trip also has had its fair share of criticism.
In the future, when there is an issue to follow up, we have to work together.
Here is the content of the article, as explained in his post
How and when did you learn about blogs and start blogging?
The author discussed some of the controversial population and migration policies adopted by the government in the past decades.
He was released two days later.
So I feel that all of these things go together, no problem.
Well, I think you should ...
But has anyone considered sharing the benefits of development with the local families?
On Friday night, he received an SMS threatening his life.
But access is not the issue here.
And no, despite the possible outcome of this election, the revolution is not over
Except many of the faces he used to see every now and then were no longer there.
The political debate will go to National Congress, but many blogs have commented on the possible changes.
Shortage of drinking water in relief camps.
When will finally understand that the planned economy is not working?
And they will tell you very clearly that they have no problems at all with Jews.
A great day, no matter how one looks at it.
demands of the people will be met...
I am the wife of one of the detainees held in Venezuela.
He also managed social media accounts for some companies.
No reasons for that though.
Maybe the problems of the Roma people is with marketing and design.
And even though yesterday there were many saying on Twitter
What were your greatest challenges back then?
She would go on to win the Nobel Peace Prize and do all Kenyans proud.
But those can be replaced.
You bring tears to my eyes
Some of these are reported below through the voices of the Brazilian blogosphere.
The men did not have their papers with them.
This is our land, and this is our history.
Condemning Hamas publicly means becoming a target.
Apparently the Bahrain riot police reached out to foreign forces for help
Each person is unique, and their writing is unique too.
this is not the new migration law we were hoping for.
The blog says that more are needed.
Many of these accounts have targeted other activists in the past.
New Zimbabwe Has Arrived, But...
Thanks God, we did what we should do.
We can see what men have done to our country and our people during the period of their leadership.
The issue of land rights is a major political demand in Cambodia.
But I did and I have.
So we live, one day at a time.
all the things I see and hear everyday...
Again, my name was on all the front pages.
Immediately, reactions on social networks were seen.
He must be thinking like this
I grew up on a farm, helping my parents.
This is your home, you know.
Here is one exchange from the comment section to this post
Now those host families are displaced, too.
At the time Japan had not yet joined the war.
Image provided by the artist and used with permission.
I was shocked because this is America as well.
Celebrations are both private and public, and broad enough for anyone to enjoy.
It is republished on Global Voices under a partnership agreement.
Search international news sites for the truth?
Truth is only the blind have not noticed change.
a question of health or politics?
If you read no other blog this week read this one
How should Middle Eastern women dress?
Following are reactions from Twitter, as the tragedy comes to light
So how did you get here?
A joint statement by rights groups reads
Views fall primarily into two camps
This is what he said
This is the way it must be.
He writes in a post on that topic
as described in his blog The Sunday Posts.
But dear friends, it is just a process, which goes on and on.
Can you explain this project?
There is nothing basically wrong with the African character.
Iranian bloggers are discussing these two events.
What does a Muslim home look like?
I read The Door of No Return earlier this year and really enjoyed it.
The full resignation speech is here.
The same trend has been observed after my Tunisian Prison Map.
They will certainly not get any work out there.
Just one country looking for something useful to do.
If company is rich enough to do good PR strategy, they can buy the district opposite voice down.
Is there really a Kurdish diaspora?
How can people outside China help with this?
The Peace Council needs to be on social media, the government needs to be on social media.
In the refugee camps, there were no jobs to be had.
The tourist even asked if it was a joke.
We cannot let that happen again.
Blocking in Yemen is not a new phenomenon.
The blogger said, I really like this picture.
The first, claimed that once the airport road is open, they will open the roads on their ends.
I wonder what will become of this guy
It remains to be seen whether the Protection of Information Bill will be passed and signed into law.
Dialogue is possible, of course, but dialogue with ordinary people.
It is republished here as part of a partnership with Global Voices.
The latest is the Arab League initiative, which is in progress this week.
No one has the right to call them with such a title.
It is not clear in the document what position the Pakistani president is referring to.
There is no such thing.
Many argue that this decision must not be given to politicians who have little knowledge about art.
In recent years, various groups have organized massive street rallies which made a huge impact on Thai politics.
She recently was scheduled to have an interview with the immigration office.
On its website, we learn that
What is happening in Egypt today has caught the men of the regime off guard.
Article after article, many say how wonderful he will be and how historic his election is.
Which Chinese character did Japan choose to represent the past year?
first in August, then in September, and once more in January.
A question has been raised regarding this
the Hungarian Secret Service and the Catholic Church.
Dear friends, read this well and join the protest.
What exactly are the activities?
Within minutes, the Mumbai Help blog came alive with messages, comments and offers to help.
The people in the street.
Many were surprised why a hospital was also attacked by the police.
whether Brazilian students should be forced to study Portuguese literature.
What can individuals do to prepare?
Could some kind person out there, please give me an answer?
They took politics away from us.
They do everything that we did when we were in school.
He is very funny to follow, by the way
He expressed a desire for people to be more creative in fighting against censorship.
Today mass demonstrations are planned in...
In fact, tensions in Ukraine have made matters worse.
it brought together so many different people who also happen to be Roma.
Usually, these victims are one of two types of people.
Jokes, Hashtags and Fake News
WAS THERE SIMILAR INCIDENTS LIKE THIS AFTER THIS ISSUE?
I had decided to help every child that goes through something like this.
BANGLADESH He was also posting the updates as and when available.
President Vladimir Putin and political party United Russia.
And no one in particular visits my page.
How those jobs might be created matters far less to him.
We are in dangerous times.
And this is something that should be welcomed.
move on in life but never forget where you come from.
Today we ask, why South Africa?
What level of harassment have you faced from the authorities?
The children loved him especially the boys, who thought he was cool.
Never ever, under no circumstances pick up a street fight in the Caucasus.
has a feature written by a person who spent some time in Nepal.
That left three, possibly four, one looking much like the next.
Under the circumstances there really was little else it could do.
No matter what others might say about him, our firm belief and trust in him will not change.
Most actors in Georgia struggle to make ends meet.
Wish to know how it was done?
Foreign Notes translates a relevant newspaper article.
We started to run through the area where we lived.
or send more medical aid and doctors?
We serve our supporters and not our opponents.
Surprising mothers is a trend, at least for some soldiers.
Volunteers also provide free medical help to both sides of the protests.
He in turn married his own mother.
International observers and human rights groups also criticized the election process.
However new municipal elections are not held.
Iran has a sad record of torture and was condemned several times by international human rights organizations.
A continent where there is everything left to do.
Workers demonstrated in several cities  Global Voices Iranian workers demonstrated in several cities in Iran today.
I did not expect the four years but a prison sentence.
Only a third world country will do that
So Cabinet Meeting will not be held on Wednesday.
Officials had been invited but none of them showed up.
The benefits of being part of the international community must be made clear to the people of Iran.
He quotes from the declaration
TV and radio, not so much.
From this time until his most recent arrest, he faced harassment and surveillance both online and off.
Some are sad and some are happy.
What Yemen needs is justice.
Rather, if we want rules, we should have them, whether the US does so or not.
What have we done to you?
Such lists should be updated every three months or so.
That was my first article on Global Voices.
The problem was ongoing from December.
I find it amazing that there is no attempt made to hide these feelings.
But when the police commit a wrong, where do we run to?
why dance around the subject?
The court however did not this time around have to find the reason.
The government position with regard to Internet freedom has been presented already to the global community.
Democratic Parties  Global Voices United We Blog
If you are good at it, offer your help to those Kurdish youth that cannot speak Kurdish.
A few days ago, the Libyan government released a draft of the election law for public debate.
A lot of people take collaboration for granted.
Here are the details for the second Festival
Now to something different about Malawi.
His post, however, received mixed responses.
This event was organized by the Institute for Gender and Development Studies.
We will mostly use Twitter and Facebook from there.
If the evidence has really changed, I will also change my view.
Now, they not only look for it, but fight over it.
I have always felt sorry for taking up extra space on a train.
And he really meant it.
I have relatives in Russia as well.
It was amazing to be part of it all.
This is already more than most parties offer whether elected or not.
By the way, I still remember that this is exactly how it used to be in the Soviet times.
A constitution is a goal.
Global Voices is a perfect example.
How is this connection established?
People are being killed, for no apparent reason.
We will be writing to a lot of people..
You saw them always together those years.
Find out what they said here.
But the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition.
In their statement, the Association said
I am afraid of one thing.
I do not care to be politically correct...
a concert of poetry, a different experience.
Whatever the case, the person who published this picture has nothing better to do.
For example, on the website of the Supreme Soviet.
The results should be known in the first days of the new year.
What did you mean by that?
That led to a petition.
The blog is a free technology, which means that it is out there for anyone to use.
A photo exhibition, a book signing, a movie showing, you name it
Poster in the image reads
education, technology, gender issues especially gender violence and human rights.
At school they told me we were dead.
As some of the social media comments indicate however, attitudes may be changing.
the nuclear crisis, economic problems and human rights issues.
Animals have feelings, just like you or me.
The winner was announced in early May
one was British and the other, French.
The reason was related to his online speech.
Kenyan Voters Kenya Only calls on voters to support leaders who have Kenya at heart
people still have hopes, dreams and concerns.
We had free time, since work was slow for both of us.
That prompted some to share this cartoon online
Below you can find some pictures from the events of Friday.
In this post one Saudi blogger gives his view of the situation.
On the one hand, the first day is a lot like the first day of school.
But mostly, it was a time for reflection.
And we always deny them.
And then we saw the parliament for the first time, what a building
I felt something unusual was happening.
Here is a short interview about his interest with blogging.
This is the real reason my mother has been arrested.
What if our hotel is without power?
They run into Malaysia, leaving behind families and children, to stay alive.
After his murder there were people out in the streets with posters saying
I truly believe that parts of this documentary were staged.
It took only someone who knows Japanese language to translate the real headlines of the newspaper
Removal is no joke, far from it.
Visit the site for more details and follow the competition on Facebook and Twitter.
She shares her thoughts about Bangladesh and how it compares to some of the other states in the world.
And so she was, and would remain.
The majority of people, including myself, will shop online.
Twitter accounts which court ordered to be blocked...
With ourselves and with our fellow people.
Must be a cultural thing.
What we, the average citizens, can do about this?
The mission is to gather as much information as possible...
The prominent poet and social activist shared a summary of his case
This is an apparent attempt to target the capacity to organize online.
I not going give up hope.
More on Global Voices Advocacy Colombia
We changed our management system.
The people make the country.
Some people might actually want this service.
For the way it was actively discussed in social networks.
IT IS NOT FOR US TO DENY THE ZAMBIAN PEOPLE.
It is an organized system of these things.
Actually, they are supporting our efforts.
Now I have found a new dream, a mission in life
The blogger, whose blog is called What Do I Know?,
What does the regime benefit from this?
How do you think that you can calm down those fears?
It seems that her blog is no longer accessible.
According to the government, Cuban society is not ready to take this step.
Look towards the future and there we shall meet.
What makes those students who were allowed to apply earlier in the year different from us?
A declaration of war is not a war crime.
How much do we pay our own workers???
To all the other Caribbean Government heads, please take a page from his book.
Future events Image taken from the Facebook page of Future Places.
I suspect many people will share that feeling today, too.
I simply have no words...
He trained the staff on podcast interview.
Do you use social networks?
This is an interesting one.
I also truly hope that they would be able to go through legal channels to solve their issues.
What kind of readers visit your site and where do most of them come from?
Do you speak a language that is hard to find online?
It is still not yet clear, what or who killed him.
However I have been to the other side of the argument too.
She used to go to school with her older sister
The article has motivated a number of Nigerian bloggers to share their opinion about her.
Before that, I knew nothing about Global Voices.
Is this a democratic right?
Thank you for the support, and the art.
The previous agenda was not followed because three countries were in conflict.
If so, it has to be continued
How we participate in the process is up to us.
Google Talk is another common communication tools among protesters.
Is That a Bad Thing?
It then becomes challenging to explain such behavior before the European Court.
Social media users shared messages in support of the march and images from the scene
It has give recognition to many leaders and highlighted many important issues.
Will we continue to let Palestinians in Gaza die in silence?
If Congress workers attacked restaurant and forced it to close, they were wrong.
Did you read the law?
They are wonderful people who have successfully defended their freedom.
But there is something that sets it aside from the rest
Where is our African identity?
The current administration has made many promises and statements about opening the Internet.
Since then some of them have created their own blogs.
Besides translation and digital rights, what other interests do you have?
So I was surprised to see today, something that speaks a little more to my generation.
and in no way does this does help the guys.
There are no presidential term limits in Uganda.
Plus, he says there are safety risks in using them to stay online.
She had stated on one of her Facebook posts after the protests
There will be change tomorrow.
See Global Voices special coverage page about the DREAM Act Armenia
Are they friends or what?
The threat of violence works in strange ways, its wonders to perform.
But, How long will this song last?
And the price will be more blood.
Of course, I also promote Wikipedia and Wikimedia events on Twitter too.
They describe how different groups arrived at the scene to provide assistance.
And it needs to start now.
Watch the full interview below
How it can hurt or even kill your family or your friends.
I went my own way.
The police wanted to test the security awareness of the population.
So I decided to leave without permission, Running away was my only option.
They have been out of contact since then.
takes a closer look at development and democracy.
What have you learned about the relationship between women in a situation of prison such as this one?
It is important to operate the organization without donations or outside help for a few years.
And Covered in Black Muslim Woman.
The goal is that, return and grow...
He spoke to me but I could not make out what he was saying.
You may hate Obama but one thing for sure, he does get the job done.
How is this different from Jamaicans who wish to do the same there?
She blamed the prime minister for not listening to the people
If this is not their aim, they really have to change the strategy....
But why this specific date?
It cannot be said that the situation has changed in Myanmar, too.
The committee should not improve gender balance by creating a fire sale on female activists.
The Kremlin Is Worried Attacks on Opposition Leaders Are Making Them More Popular  Global Voices Source
Here is a video of our activities
This information has just been confirmed by Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
According to observers, what makes Uganda unique is the immediate support and aid given to refugees.
There are places that are even worse.
Maybe they have these perception changes.
This left them with little choice but to defend themselves in court.
I tried the whole Saturday but I could not get through.
It shows just how complex he considers the issue to be.
However, human rights organizations and experts have not had success.
Israeli governments have a record of launching military operations ahead of elections.
Because it is criticism from Japan?
like being on a boat in the water.
He was familiar with the concept of imprisonment.
He added, criticizing the critics
In fact, many facts and elements of the situation are not reported.
the church has nothing to do with them.
This was the largest house he had ever been in, almost the largest building, except for a hotel.
It seems as if everyone who is still capable of doing something has already left this village.
As soon as the polls opened, netizens began to share their thoughts and experiences.
What about the electricity for them and the company?
What Is The Long March?
These are some of their comments on Twitter.
Any illegal act should be reported.
Flood victims complained about the slow arrival of aid from the government last August.
Global Voices Are we living in a more violent world?
how long have they been there and what exactly is their role?
Language is an important aspect of our life.
What will you do about this?
They even cited a research to back up their claim.
Global Voices Map of Central Asia.
And how long were you with them?
More information and application materials in English, French and Arabic are available at
But I should tell about it later.
Images from the Dominican Republic
There was water by me right through Tuesday until Wednesday.
For those that can help with donations, please refer to these lists in Japanese and English.
We were all in shock.
As we will see in this post, there are clearly very strong feelings on either side of this argument.
Generation Y, blogging from Havana, adds
Money is the symbol of a whole host of issues
And that makes the main difference.
The First Chinese Novel on Twitter?
My interest in flying was gone.
There is another side of this total freedom, however
The province shares borders with Afghanistan and Iran.
Out of that anger came the New Left Review.
How did they react to the idea?
There is another connection between internet use and internet activism
The mining protest began last February.
And he refused to be anything else.
show me how he will ever get his legal rights
Even The New York Times noticed
The professor then arrived and he called security to open the door.
There are also some elements within this movie that just pop.
But they could turn and escape to the east.
We should learn from China.
And we allowed it to happen.
freedom, democracy and human rights are basic principles.
style which is common among Pakistani men.
What does it aim to fight?
Youth, human rights and the Blogosphere  Global Voices Bangladesh
It features video interviews with independent musicians and artists.
Why is Child Sexual Abuse not a problem?
Zimbabwe has gone through the worst economic period in history.
Give women a real chance.
Therefore, Christians try to prepare for this very special celebration in very special manner.
Can you introduce yourself and tell us about what you do?
Three times up till now
In the United States, I have yet to visit San Francisco.
And that to me is an enough victory.
Please find a copy and tell me what you think?
Photo published with their permission.
To live like animals is a personal choice of these people most likely.
My heart goes out to all of those who have been affected.
A place that is open and giving.
Any concerned person would say no.
Hong Kong people will suffer from the consequences.
As for paying you directly, this is not going to happen.
There was a battle on an average of once every three weeks.
I stand here alone and say this bill should not be passed in this House.
Maybe there is a world conspiracy against us.
This is Syria, not Iran, not North Korea.
Taking a second look, the cartoon seems to say
The United Nations has condemned the air strikes.
And what are the conditions?
The following comment is offered
Today is a sad day for all of us Latin Americans.
My blog has been visited daily by thousands of people.
In theory, the Prime Minister should not belong to any political movement.
It was much stronger than previous ones I have felt over the years.
They never got to complete their education.
However, I have to tell you that I can feel the wind of change.
I know that this is just a movie...
In fact, the news accounts and the accounts of my friends all say the same thing
He just made his first post, titled
I do not want to leave.
The plan was to get them to Europe.
The original message has now been removed from their Facebook page
What can we expect from the trial?
has an interesting post on freedom of speech in Jordan.
Well, eventually it becomes easier and easier as more and more people do.
Only God knows whether the government would give any information.
He expresses his concerns with these words
He regularly posted photos with his wife and daughter on this social network.
For the future, I have a lot of hope.
It was just after our third baby was born.
And you, dear reader, what is your opinion?
Which hospital did she go to?
Today no one knows what will happen or where we will be in the coming days.
They were released just hours later.
They will also be able to look at the future with hope on the short and long run.
From Lebanon, Green Resistance, calls for just that.
This is an annual workshop on journalism, media and civil resistance movements.
The more I learn, the more I will pass on to you.
Bad experience and surprising results.
A home for the summer.
He had threatened to kill them before.
I found out that there was not a single chance to talk to the people of the city.
a warning for the current regime?
Australia is a secular nation, where the most common religion is none.
Among the demands that they were prepared to meet were
My church also say no more money.
No one I speak with has the energy or time for anything else.
The post shows the changes that happened to the station over the years.
And we thought that parliamentary work, and being elected, is simple.
Will the view be something you can live with??
I would love for as many people as possible to follow their dreams, especially young people.
This is not the first time the education group has faced accusations of child abuse.
Note that Part I is posted here.
This sad news soon was circulated on twitter.
It remains to be seen what impact this party will have on Indian politics in near future.
To take part in this initiative you have to be
The source of the service responsible for the abuse is known.
That was a hell of a note, he thought.
Please pray for them and with them.
I would like to thank to the other media, too.
His trial was conducted entirely in Spanish, which is not his native language.
China has a huge number of users and the Chinese market is very important.
The families of detainees saw this day as a chance to raise awareness about their cause.
Facebook and twitter are our only source.
There is a way out of this.
We see lots of comments in the blog posts.
A blog is mostly about content, you need to have something to say.
Common Language in Southeast Asia  Global Voices What should be the common language in the Southeast Asian region?
They also documented the most important blogs in Egypt and provided links for them with each other.
We knew we could end up being arrested.
Netizens from all over the world followed the awards ceremony through Twitter.
It was the five of us and another two.
What a shame, and how sad.
Even the residents told us this.
I am sure you can tell that from my posts.
You look at him and wonder, can he really make it?
A netizen shares his experience of working at a Japanese company.
Can you tell us what happened?
We better start demanding our rights..
Here is their Facebook page.
And what do we see?
GV  What does social media bring to the project?
and They say that there were many people in the car agencies
An investigation to determine the real cause of the accident is expected to start soon.
Why do I mention this?
The girl had been treated in a hospital for one week before her passing.
On Twitter, the news quickly attracted attention.
The blogger wonders whether there is a link between the increasing violence on Male streets and these video games.
So, we will most certainly be doing it again next year.
In the club we are free to be who we are.
Jailed lawyer plays with her son  Global Voices Jordan
Sign of a failed state
I believe in the power of people.
Many moved first and then began to write.
I can not even get to my page.
The Museum has been closed for the last three months and no official explanation was given.
I remembered watching one American giving a statement for news.
it is our responsibility as well.
Maybe it would work the other way.
I feel sad because there were photos enough to open an investigation about the company and its environmental practices.
Take a look at this new project here.
It remains unclear why he was arrested.
Japanese should be more aware of where they stand.
Do you think blogs have any real influence in Iranian media and society?
What are your hopes for Morocco and its blogosphere?
We are trying to establish cooperation with other countries.
How is the process of translation going?
Africans can make it big in this industry.
The United States Government could not have found a better person to honor.
Surely it will be an image that will become historic.
I will definitely come then.
Of what happened when she was eight, the character says in the film
You do not pay taxes.
The police did not reveal the reason behind his arrest or where he was being detained.
her voice is still in my mind when she is telling me
And its owner has the right to determine its use and value.
they had nothing to give to each other.
They sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government.
Among the hundreds of requests, only six were accompanied by court orders.
Girl With a Purpose explains.
They had apparently been maintained.
And no one has ever told me that all this is because of you, Russians.
This is totally unprecedented in history.
constantly being updated with interesting information.
Here is a summary of what he has to share
How many hour online do you spend a day?
We had several examples of actions that started on Twitter, with concrete results.
A couple comments to this post
Is your blog audience very active?
These are people who killed my friends, my teachers, and my loved ones and now they get the power.
First off just like everyone else, the question that I am asking myself is, why is he here?
China, South Korea, Japan, Iran
I cannot start buying low quality products in the hope that they are going to improve.
To all Indians, remember to vote, and make an informed choice.
Also, we see where these reports might be coming from
If the authorities blocked Facebook, however, the situation would be different.
The site Now Public has also been reporting the news
Once again, international collaboration has paid off.
We should be aware of this and try to face it.
I also like the way he liked Arabs and how they liked him back.
A Religious minority by birth and an Ideological minority by choice.
Now we have a revolution.
Corruption is, probably, the answer.
Today is the first of the month.
This is because we are all one.
Be well till next week.
They have also not asked for political independence.
Two years later, the law is still in effect and authorities continue to use it against the political opposition.
What have the Russians been doing for their citizens?
We all know it was the white man that destroyed the forest, this is not our way of life.
But the stories are interesting and are important.
Here are some online reactions.
A human being is not a number.
Zambian justice system is a joke, says Reader
Will you do anything to change that?
Whose demands would be met?
It is also good for the environment.
What role can citizen journalism play?
He had a head of state like funeral.
Her kids have filed home from school.
The message is to be proud of being Malagasy.
But the doctors tell her
You will be heard , you will be spoken of.
That in Georgia similar developments did not take place, is a credit to both authorities and the opposition.
But there is a huge controversy about that.
This means thousands across Sri Lanka continue to search for answers.
It seems like China is surely paying attention.
Another important person is the boat driver.
The Arab world is your home and mine
SMS have particularly been effective.
Now we have got another interesting development.
Could this be a move towards the future of democracy?
that we are forgotten, and you need to remember us today.
He was there with his company.
It has little effect, too, as such measures can be easily overcome by the average educated users of Internet.
My real concern when it comes to online social media is
France urged to link cooperation with Egypt to better respect human rights
They are all different, but they have all asked themselves one and the same question
As a media organization, we will face a lot of pressure.
It remains unclear why the videos are no longer available.
You may wonder, were there not any women on the street at the time?..
When he eventually does, no one will notice.
What do you blog about?
I feel like saying this again
What they all had in common was the desire to share their knowledge with others.
Another step towards gender equality.
There is no fear after today.
The streets to them represent an opportunity to earn a living.
It was a very difficult scene.
Count campaign on my own blog here.
Do we even have like a witness protection programme in Uganda?
On the ground, this translates to a violation of the rights of indigenous communities.
Child of the Revolution explains.
Torture and jail for them.
Then the next concern is the nature of death.
He was released on the same day.
there has to be the will on both sides to achieve more trust and good relations.
I do not have a Facebook or Twitter account.
One commented on his post and added that Blogger has launched their search too.
Very interesting, and worth further thought.
But there has been a low point to the trip
The latest disaster update from the government
Is Kenya turning into a police state?
His academic interests include Political Science, International Relations and Human Rights.
The Executive Director of Southeast Asian Press Alliance wrote on Twitter
He must be released immediately
Neither has been able to return home.
What environmental challenges do you think Latin America and the Caribbean currently face?
Is it even a question?
I think she will be.
He was a great leader and probably the best Ethiopia has seen so far.
English, Russian, Spanish, Arabic, Dutch, German, Greek, Portuguese.
Day in and day out we all talk about the lack of accountability in Pakistan.
One discussion easily leads to another, as most tweets are generally published with more than one hashtag.
But it is not really only a conversation.
Think of what this will do to tourism and foreign investment.
We just keep to ourselves and still face attacks.
But thus far there has been no response in kind.
They want their right to vote
Those who do not register will not be able to do so.
And so you go back home.
Church officials urge voters to actively participate in the elections.
There are a couple of reasons for this
Or this is an international message which we the citizens have nothing to do with?
, makes an alternative analysis.
I hope I can support cultural movements in Taiwan from Hong Kong.
life goes on as per usual.
How can u fire someone for stating FACTS?
It will be an international shame on us, once it becomes official.
Some Japanese bloggers reflect on their history and the meaning of this anniversary.
At the same time, I know that I already have lost my right to privacy.
There is no question as to just what is available.
How do you see yourself reaching the children?
For example, they have a legal team to back up their work.
Police officers in the country are notorious for being corrupt.
The story is told in the voice of a young girl and written in poem form.
The funding amount has increased under the new policy.
In related news, the municipal electoral campaign has also began.
The truth is more complex.
It would have been like her.
The blogger sums up the discussion into
In this post we hear what Saudi blogs have to say on the subject.
They are also expressing their opinions about this political controversy.
Shortly after learning about her death, many Internet users started to leave comments on social media, especially Twitter.
Life is easier when you work as a team.
What else can we hope for?
Comments and debate have gone around the web for several days as a result of this post.
You enter your ad in and for free.
The blogger goes on commenting the pictures
And if they did decide to return, how do you think they would be able to move forward?
was this a march for peace or a march in memory of Colombian victims?
A way of life in Madagascar.
Officials also denied that the fans were killed by Interior Ministry personnel.
She has a Tajik passport.
This is how the world ends
Caribbean Book Blog has the details.
The highlights of the match were also available on Twitter a few minutes after the awards ceremony
Thank you for sharing with us.
I think African women have known how to find a place for themselves in recent years.
and TV and Radio in the US.
This regulation is dangerous for media, press and journalism organizations.
Principles have to cut both ways.
This is not a joke.
That was the one who was described as looking just like President Assad.
If you would like to participate, you should
Another anonymous user remarks Personal freedom has to balance with social freedom.
But the measures may not prevent all young users from participating.
She concludes her post writing
It was well reported by the reporter.
Posts used to write this entry
Below are some photos on Twitter and Facebook which show the extent of the flooding disaster.
Still, almost every week I would seek them out.
If we are going to pay them with our taxes, may everything go well for him so Spain.
When she did, she decided to support her daughter.
Can someone tell me how to answer my little girl?
It is a peaceful way of showing their protest.
He added that it was important to deliver justice to the victims.
For two years Alexander worked as the editor of Global Voices Central Asia.
Her poem on a professor quite interesting.
How and why did this happen?
It would better to tell them what we are doing as well.
and an elected government and freedom of speech.
A climate of threat and terror exists in society.
What is the goal of the event?
Such statements, followed by attacks, tend to divide the country and society into two camps.
So we simply felt the urge to build one
What is your opinion about the younger generation of Cambodia?
The Armenian student concludes that it is time for people on both sides to realize this.
Here is reaction and analysis from the African blogosphere.
No official announcement has been made yet by the journal.
My heart almost stopped beating.
The other cars lay on their side.
The hands off approach was strange.
Or do they want to wait until it really gets out of hand before they act?
We have initiated the campaign but I have been unable to protect women so far.
I agree that pollution has been high for years.
My Dutch friends are with me and with the people of Iran, and I find that so amazing.
Lot of love for you.
But it is not the only one.
To do the bit we can?
We still have a long way to go.
Demonstrators blocked the road to protest the rising price of electricity in the area.
How do you wish people a happy aids day.
They see themselves as kind and liberal and open to everybody.
Foreign governments are making extra efforts to help their citizens.
Kuwaiti netizens were not happy with the arrests and sent support messages for the two.
The boy raised his eyes.
But they are out there.
Visitors to the country had things to say as well.
We hope that people will see these films and be inspired to bring change to their lives.
I protest for clean air and healthy children
Mexican opinions about the US elections have also been shared on Twitter.
Or is it the same everywhere?
The implications of all this for China and India.
It is yet to be seen whether these measures will be implemented in the field.
Are we going to house them for decades and beyond?
And that is what I wish to all of you .
There are some who are opposed
The topic will continue making headlines.
The blog promises to do two things
In his post, he writes
The reasons that the bloggers listed are
It is, without a doubt, democracy in action.
Earlier I could do that only twice a year.
It turned out we were not creative enough
Part of our vision or mission as a group is to continue to serve....
When we enter in your blog we hear the audio of a military march.
However, the blogger proposed an alternative solution to this problem
All governments become corrupt after a certain time.
This motivated me to take blogging seriously.
Blogs seem to be the most popular online communication platform in Russia.
Do you have any last comments before we close?
Few new writers have their first story accepted, so they tell me.
His story is not rare in China.
The Arabic reads as follows
Who brought this part of our nation to such a pass?
Are their refugees, and if so, where are they coming from?
They will continue to demand their human and civil rights.
Mexican criminal organizations have gained power thanks to easy access to weapons.
I want my children and your children together...
They have stopped a car of the mayor.
most of the criminal cases against the activists, however, were closed by the new administration.
I think things are going to change because young people stopped reading newspaper.
Global Voices Not only the Polish social media are discussing this one
And in this case, journalists.
I myself never liked it.
The only thing that works there are market rules.
Do you think social media can play a part in conflict resolution?
Freedom for Egyptians says that there might be a fight between the old guards and the news ones
The situation in the south is not a simple problem.
We condemn the use of violence for the implementation of political aims.
Freedom Sudan is an organization run by volunteers only.
The participants also discussed the ways in which blogs can be used to connect Indonesia with the outside world.
However, this might not be understood by everyone.
The author attended the event as a media representative on behalf of Global Voices.
She also felt that there was a double standard at play
What is the festival about?
Therefore, it is important that we face the reality
I suspect some of you are, too.
He was arrested by the prosecution authority under the name of spreading false information and of causing economic damage.
The permission to travel abroad?
They achieved their goal when the court ruled that the ruling party was guilty of electoral fraud.
and that all this will not solve the problem...
So we will be back to square one
There are at least two problems to consider
Surely you do not want to accept more?
Because walking on fire is apparently back in fashion. ...
Meaning the basic fighting skills.
Many still hope to go back to their old ways.
It was easy to see that they were made for each other, and they knew what they wanted.
Apart from writing about Ecuador, technology and education, what other topics interest you?
What kind of challenges did you find?
Let us hear from you.
He was the most highly trained artist, and he brought those academic principles to art.
He failed in this earlier effort.
What has happened to our domestic and regional intelligence services?
Come on people, use your heads.
The latter of course, you cannot guarantee.
It has also inspired an audience and civil society towards free thought and social activism.
I hope these can be discussed further.
It is republished on Global Voices under the content partnership agreement.
Only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design.
All these features catch my eye first before the actual content or the name of the author.
all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long.
What you allow will continue...
Streets are empty due to fuel shortage.
Do you plan to translate the book into English?
Dozens of bodies lie on the road.
Number of Iraqi Refugees  Global Voices Want to know the real number of Iraqi refugees in Jordan?
Achieve something legal and concrete before it is too late.
Chinese authorities, however, would rather see him forgotten.
Screenshot from video posted by the Senate.
Once in the protest, remember that authorities can be monitoring communications in the area.
Please let others know about this.
Using the hashtag, one Japanese Twitter user said
I decided to share that with my Twitter followers because it felt so good.
But the award ceremony has been hosted in China for six years.
He failed to defeat people.
Reports of armed men going into the forest coming through from various sources.
As I mentioned previously, the really important demands which have not been addressed at all by Mugabe are
And, now, faced with a campaign of threats and abuse, the organizers have called the festival off.
People sometimes put these signs up by their homes.
But you will be able to read it all on Twitter.
International organizations play a major role in this, and the diaspora too.
it is up to you now to defend the rights of your generation and those to come.
To connect with others through online citizen media
We have lost a man who changed the world.
We need to learn our own value so that we can begin to value others.
Philippines is supposedly rich in Agricultural resources.
We try to see them all and give them voice and confidence and support.
This is what has lead to a sad incident like this one
The locals pick them along the forest road.
But they wish they could bring it back.
Our society is not yet ready to face the statements this film makes.
how they become what they are and where they live.
Towards the end of February, the blog introduced its readers to Water Tuesday.
In what world did I live that I did not know this?
I am sorry for not bringing the documents.
The foreign investment benefits them as a whole and as individuals.
This is not about new ideas, but things should move forward questioning those ideas.
The island nation has, of course, had more than its share of challenges
It provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations.
Maybe Ahmadinejad is talking about another country...
The economic health of a middle class family matters.
Will that be real peace?
The post was updated recently with videos.
Are we going to be displaced again?
Newspapers come out everyday and at the same time, are thrown out everyday.
Why are we targeted and killed?
Time will only tell what will happen between Turkey and Israel.
This week it was the time of presidential State of the Nation address.
How come none of us knew about it?
My question today to the government is
This post is part of our Special Coverage
As a result, in recent months, Amnesty International has become more active in campaigning for his release.
Some Twitter users pointed out that national media outlets have not informed the country about these issues.
For Georgia that Western choice seems obvious.
Tell us a little about your background.
Currently, most public schools in So Paulo offer more than one level, but that changes under the new plan.
It is the highest number of Internet users in Europe.
These towns are not unknown as much as FIFA wish to claim that.
The clashes started that night, a Friday, and continued into the following week.
a lot of show for nothing or almost nothing.
For weeks I did nothing at all.
At the same time, the reality is that our society is dominated by men.
my readers might have people who have their birthday as today
Murdered by Indian occupation forces.
it is a tool that helps me break free.
They talk about the mass character of such clashes.
Is is not a small matter.
Nothing is going to happen.
Media reports of the bombing were later denied by the government.
We cannot go on like this.
This post is part of our Europe in Crisis special coverage Russia
It was written all over him
Apparently, many were not convinced.
we are a peaceful people, we love peace.
This group of people occupy not only the top position.
in the end I got to know her name and she mine.
Initiatives are being built to hold tech companies to basic human rights standards, including freedom of expression and privacy.
Therefore, only use it during the demonstration for this purpose
Much help is needed, given how extensive the work is.
In my view, this is a new form of resistance.
Others may find it equally so.
Education and Tech and follow him on Twitter
Social media users from the four countries celebrated the news.
Such an explanation should be ruled out.
And really felt happy about living in this city once, for a long time.
But more than three weeks since it went live, the page remains active on the site.
If you think that the owner is out of his mind, think twice.
If they came up with their own video platform to play their content, I would have understood.
does anyone know who took it?
On Election day, the Institute will provide real time information on Facebook regarding the voting results.
I am still gathering more information on the other ones.
I guess we should wait to see how many bloggers have joined such campaign.
If you really do not understand then why are you here?
It can also mean to have a dispute with someone.
She tweeted this about the demonstration
Well, good health to them.
In a Pakistani village  Global Voices Light Within on life in a Pakistani Village.
Many of the platforms that were mentioned above were supported by the Internet users.
And do you know why?
Tomorrow could be a historic day.
The Twitter account of the French Presidential Office confirmed
There have been so many initiatives to support the struggle for freedom and democracy in Iran.
Some members of our community point out that these things simply do not exist in their countries.
In another tweet, she added
They give them the whole stage.
Remote teaching distance learning is the future of education.
We knew her visa could be rejected at any time.
Indeed, this is not the first time a post criticizing Singapore authorities has been censored on Facebook.
I have not committed any crime and I shall be proven innocent in court.
No one writes about them.
Who we can or cannot talk to?
She wrote in response to a comment on her post
The young man could not get out except through the door that was blocked.
He is a fellow blogger after my own heart.
Everyone goes about their daily business
It is about human dignity.
The electricity shortage triggered several peaceful protests in the country.
There is one thing that we cannot allow
Have local courts addressed the issue?
But the police found out that one of the dead terrorists had traveled to Iran and Afghanistan.
In the academic world, however, the performance was the same.
Could you tell us how the new year celebrations in Taiwan are different from those in mainland China?
It is one in ten.
Whatever they are talking about??
How safe is the Nigerian life?
Journalists have also suffered violent attacks.
Tajikistan Monitor is a blog run by the author of this story.
Later, the Ministry of Finance asked the European Commission for their opinion.
There are two sets of laws in this country
Its as simple as that.
Regardless of the lack of news, bloggers still find things to talk about.
Facebook and Twitter are also blocked.
The festival is also celebrated in the neighboring India.
Things can get worse as long as the government does not take action.
And MANY PEOPLE BOUGHT IT.
Neither media nor lawyers are allowed into the camps.
It seems as though the message is starting to get out.
Young men just dropped to the ground in front of me.
This trip to Hong Kong was a big shock to me.
How long must these policies remain in place?
Generation Y provided a bit of background
The student riots continued into the night and the day after.
People also commented on the issue of immigrants in the United States
Does the city feel safe?
His appointment drew reactions from Tunisian netizens, who were divided between critics and supporters.
It will bring foreign refugees face to face with Brazilian refugees.
Outrage Over Abuse of Ethiopian Domestic Worker in Lebanon Ethiopia Lebanon
My question to them is
What on earth do Syria and Iran have to gain from this assassination?
Egypt likes to refer to itself as the land of Security and Safety.
The coalition was on its way to Gaza to deliver aid.
But it just felt right.
Of course, my dear.
We just want them to be on their own.
What do you think about teaching native languages in the school system?
How can people get involved and help this dream come true?
News stories about the project are here.
CNN needs to call the Police Department now.
Bahrain, please protect your citizens.
Adding her own experience to the post, she said
They brought hope to children.
Issues Over Matters discusses the state of Zambian economy and politics
The conference program will discuss science from a scientific, but also from an educational and economic point of view.
Some parts of the video were uploaded on Youtube.
It was the first blow that was always difficult.
Protesters demanded an official apology from the Pope.
Bloggers who were very close
On Thursday, the President finally broke his silence.
For once, perhaps, the conversation truly became global.
image used with her permission.
In order to act on complaints, however, it is first necessary to organize and make sense of them.
And you also say we are not racist.
Even though he and his brother are old, they remained single.
Even special services confirm this.
Of course this is Iraq, and anything can happen.
Who is the man to take His place??
Does that mean I am no longer Syrian, or an Arab?
The people of Panama have reacted with outrage.
They shared their experiences about Nigeria.
After all, I am dealing with the World
This is not a success but a failure.
It most certainly is not.
Personal development is always a big plus.
On what grounds were you arrested?
In reference to the last Ethiopian election, it states
All man must go one day ...
A whole collection of information about the prison system.
We will be a city for the young and old.
it concerns millions and millions of people and families and communities and entire peoples around the world.
He had attended three universities in the United States.
What was different last Saturday?
the greater the range of choice, the greater the rate of change.
This EU legislation should cover and deal with online censorship by European internet companies in third countries.
And given the political VARIETY in the country, you might just be successful.
He died but did not leave us
One of the most important differences is the central role that the community plays.
Political party leaders have no idea how to respond to this situation.
The blogger wants the couple to know that they are not alone.
She had just been elected head of her village council at the time.
His Twitter account echoed that confidence with this tweet
On the other hand, some netizens go back to history.
I also wanted to get students involved in the project
It feels like a dream.
At the end, we shall hand over a letter to the embassy.
Wondering about the quality of life, she says
But was it the right way to highlight an issue?
Nobody knew anything about the violence in the neighborhood.
There were about a dozen participants.
Why did I start blogging?
A man with a beautiful wife and family.
Best Overall, Travel, News, Culture, and Personal.
People are more aware now.
This was a peaceful sit in.
The relationship between the regions and the federal government will be written into the constitution.
We will never know what would have happened had Germany implemented the Madagascar Plan.
He told me to drop by the Times when I was next in New York.
This is the outcome for you.
It was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place.
Now we know that hundreds of children died, but no one reported their deaths.
Some may see a royal intervention at this stage as too little too late.
In fact, it went by quite quickly and finished before I knew it.
what kind of benefit do we have from that?
This is how their agents obtained information
This is a first in the world.
Mahmood tells us the story
This girl is a shame to the nation and its culture.
What do you do the rest of the time?
What are participation rates right now?
In some countries the trend has gone further than others
Where is the back, where is the front?
So what were they working for?
What security are they talking about?
Today parliament called for action.
In the morning it will reach its final form.
Change is needed not just in America, but also in India appears to be the message from these bloggers.
Some seemed to love it
Our women are not alone.
I also see that the majority of people working in coffee in Yemen are women.
Facebook is where you lie to your friends.
Of the view original reports coming across the Twitter lines, one stands out.
This dance takes place the first days of January each year.
Journalism is not just a job.
No visits to the facilities in which the software was used have been made.
Other issues are political and not related to ordinary people.
We still have a good way to go because most Jamaicans are not taking us seriously.
How often do we go back on our word?
One Facebook user put it like this
In these extreme situations the only solution lies in the intervention of an authority.
Please make sure to read the Frequently Asked Questions about the application process.
Justice Victory  Global Voices Mahmood is happy for Bahrain.
Now I have to rest a few days and follow the proper care.
I think the people in control of those media outlets should take responsibility.
Did you have same feeling?
They then sent him a friend request, which he approved.
Latin culture still believes that Google is a simple tool.
The websites appear to be blocked only in the West Bank.
So let the contest of ideas, and the communication of those ideas begin.
Even did a story on that.
And that is supposed to be the supreme law of the country.
But no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies.
What is the use of monitoring blogs?
Bloggers have also been quick to share their reactions.
Below are some of their comments
Due to public pressure, the measure was voted down by the senate.
This holiday is not like other celebrations. means a lot to our country and our people.
She was able to make ask the reporter
Discussion on that plan here.
Break down the hand that pushed a person to kill herself.
I was tortured by hour by several people.
This is what she says about the poem, which follows below
How will they be reached?
Unity in Diversity  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Caucasus Conflict Voices.
But I do notice one thing
Officials were not chosen by the people, but instead appointed from above.
Going to a shop is mostly off limits.
And a few days ago they came up with a solution.
Monitor our politicians and their companies...
Image by the White House, part of public domain.
Some did better than others.
Once one person came forward, others also opened up and shared their dark memories.
But anyone with a sense of shame should not show off with pride after taking advantage of all this.
But technology may not be enough.
As for those found in the south, they were sent to Jordan.
The Blogger and Activists Network, Cultural Activists and Youth Organizations will address the mass gathering.
But the boy the boy had been alive yesterday.
Destruction, however, was not isolated to that area.
Following the death of the boys on Thursday there were two days of riots.
This would be genuine positive energy.
Global Voices The Kenya Democracy Project asks who will win the November referendum?
I think we have to appeal to that side in him.
The blog details how the holiday is spent in much of the former Soviet world.
A brutal conspiracy is being played.
They also offer this advice
Image by author and published with permission.
Since then, the law has been waiting to be voted on in Congress.
Is this good or bad for Singapore?
how to work and take care of my children?
never did one blogger in Poland draw so much attention.
I attended my own school and finished high school there.
This is an important moral.
Syrian bloggers inside as well in the diaspora reflected on this tragic incident.
Sometimes they argue that what is needed is equality between man and woman.
So are they not free to exercise their rights?
This has become a point of pride for government agencies involved in the program.
makes jokes of religious practices.
Could she consider moving to Malawi?
I was absolutely not informed about this.
Many others commented on the blog
sums up the situation quite well
Thus, they remained in the building, alone.
Hear the selected songs on her blog.
This is a phenomenon that is taking place in our country and the rest of the world.
My order to the police is to shoot them.
Who will be affected if such thing is allowed to happen.
As one rural resident put it to me
This leads the citizens of most Central and Eastern European to pay close attention to local politics.
Lee in Tokyo Times also discusses about that.
Is Sudan heading towards chaos?
Our life is about simple things.
There were four other friends who went along on the trip with her.
It is not something that can be expected to happen now.
Great reaction from the wider Muslim community.
The president did not give us a house.
I visited regularly every year.
When it comes to the Internet of Things, France presents an important emerging market.
He seemed as surprised by this as anyone.
Why does he look so familiar?
which is why the majority of the articles are written in English.
His plan is really as simple as it sounds.
It really is a blow to this positive and necessary step in our democracy.
his mother now lives in Morocco and his late father was Algerian.
So the old man ended up protesting in Tahrir.
But I hate the politics of hate from both side...
There were tweets and messages of solidarity with her by progressive groups within the country and abroad.
Online media is no longer an alternative
The site is regularly updated.
But that is always not the case.
As progressive US news website Think Progress points
This was followed the next month with a visit to Mexico City by President Obama himself.
But getting there is not always easy.
Even worse, this is far from the last time something like this will happen to us.
The cooperation between the people of Egypt is just great.
An official within the Ministry alleged the discussion could even take a year or two.
Below is a list of some of the most prominent efforts
However, many believe that platform has been in cooperation with the Chinese government in promoting opinion leaders.
But that is not the case in Lebanon any more.
Such a practice is the return of the Cultural Revolution.
Image shared widely on social media.
An important struggle is ahead of us.
Everyone who wants to participate can form a part of the project participating as much as they want.
I think through the stories it brings awareness.
All his people ask for is no more war.
Someone had moved beyond the range of the light from the window.
But when it comes to the opportunity to sell oil and raise money, they go find someone else.
But it can be a powerful thing to imagine, and wonderful to belong.
As American artists, it was natural that we would want to meet as many Soviet artists as possible.
Again, a big thank you to the organizers for making a dream come true for me.
These were not the actions of a political or militant group.
Making universal health care a reality?
Right now, I have lost count.
The list is available online here.
think about the bad reputation that you will leave behind.
Political Success Story of West Africa, But...
The government was caught by surprise and so far has not reacted.
Do such letters reach the President?
it was launched in the United States last month.
A GV text on the reactions of Armenian and Azerbaijani bloggers is here.
This is the third year the event is held.
There are many elderly people and women here
And what about the positive responses?
many years have passed just like that...
We have chosen a different path
I also hope more people buy directly from local farmers.
This will be a test case for the courts.
Without your help, we are all alone
over one third of these deaths happened in Africa.
What is it that they want to prove?
Other Cuban cities are far more beautiful in this.
Absolutely not long established and united in a rather coalition.
Thanks for all the support
If you buy only one newspaper this year, then buy Information from today.
Presidential and parliamentary elections are taking place at the end this month in Tanzania.
Journalists were also beaten and arrested
These and other comments during the show have become a big topic of discussion in the national blogosphere.
She pointed to this attack as the cause for this decision.
Why do I say this?
Google the capital city of Kazakhstan
a lot of that is less about the law itself and more about people and their stories.
But, this one is going to be different.
They live in different cities of France
How many of you want to live in such a world?
Is this the quiet before the storm?
Whether or not you identify yourself as an activist, what does activism mean to you?
For the majority that is not the case.
Some thoughts of Costa Rican bloggers on the election process
We have to search for the light.
He then says that circumstances have changed and artists must get involved in politics.
Now the journalist who was beaten up was someone I personally know.
But it would be great if a person could plant two or three trees per year, on their own.
The children have very few opportunities to go to secondary school.
It was still hard to live though.
On the one hand, I can understand the frustration
He and I belong to the same generation.
And there are the threats of violence, especially outside Havana.
How would you describe the blogging scene in Georgia?
Are its activists paid to support Putin?
It was quiet during the day, although, of course, people do worry.
I wish you all the best
What children, what generation will see you free and proud, with their own eyes of belief?
Or is it not a problem at all?
See the first and the second.
Why did you decide to set up a site in addition to your existing Facebook page?
Until yesterday, the only time I ever really celebrated Australia Day was when I lived in London.
It is very hard to fast because of the hot weather in the current Ramadan.
Two Facebook pages were also created
She said that when she arrived home, her mother said to her
Here is a running list of blogs to keep updated on.
Shall she stay in her old home or go away to the new home?
At the time of writing, no updates on his complaint had been given.
Everyone had a reason to.
To them and to their families.
Finding a job you enjoy?
In both cases, the government denied any involvement.
We should make his birthday Chinese Christmas.
I am an only daughter so is my baby.
My main goal is to spread the news on Cambodian football.
New technologies for communication and collaboration also played an important role.
This is my personal example.
A viral campaign on YouTube promoting the event
Why did this surprise me?
Probably next month I will be going to these places to carry out some work.
Go and check out our Facebook page and see some of our work...
They asked why men should have more benefits and why women do not get any points for giving birth.
At first, we suspected that we were among many who were detained at the military base.
God shows me his love in so many ways..
Government said it was a civic duty.
these are fairly large, tough animals.
This was a slightly different matter.
To make a rich China into a beautiful China.
However, the day did not pass without violence.
Allow Homosexuality and accept it.
It forces them to stop challenging the international community with its nuclear program.
Our leaders are extremely corrupt.
Read off the whole list, please.
The description which comes with the video reads
Nobody, he suddenly realized, was saying anything.
The Occupy Nigeria movement was quickly organized to protest the move.
In our country there is no clear law about cyber crimes.
What do you expect of the international committee?
It seems like the war will continue for many more days and weeks.
Every technology is always opposed in the beginning.
Using ICT to promote culture  Global Voices Using ICT to promote culture
They also had a small bit of hair cut.
Why so far, only Indonesia condemned the attack, while the Philippines only issued Lebanon travel ban for its citizens?
The main aim is to drive with high speed with the maximum number of passengers.
Because soon enough there will be a store or something no less necessary in current times
My brothers could not stay here because the regime will force all men into either military service or imprisonment.
And who are you then?
The voting will last until the end of March, so VOTE now and forward to all your friends.
There is no other way forward.
Life was easy for him back then.
despite these crimes being mentioned, that was barely the focus.
Here are some of their reactions.
They are rarely off target.
The question is whether women really want to join politics?
There is, you know, something called social media, which have a great communication potential.
Any thoughts on what kind of study should be done?
Have you faced any danger?
Before the announces the results, what numbers do you think they would give?
Being part of GV has made me more sensitive to what happens in the world.
We want things to be done right
On Facebook users commented on the results.
In order to maintain user interest, the portal will need to continue to develop and offer new services.
It has also created more ties between Iranians inside and outside the country.
Maybe it might reach back to people who can influence direct change, for the better.
See this warning from a Thai netizen
This is only according to the statistics.
I just cannot make decisions alone now.
He added in a radio interview
Things are getting better day by day
Even the media will forget to mention anything about you.
That was a huge surprise for me.
My body is on strike
The hashtags are trending on Twitter.
New York Times published this well detailed and documented article.
Screenshot of the footage Cambodia
In brief, there is no freedom of speech.
We are motivated by the positive impact of our work.
I think the prisoners must have been watching Prison Break, one of the most popular shows in Morocco.
Well jokes apart, Google indeed has done many unique things.
I came to the point of selling much of my stuff.
This is the reason why they successfully control the judiciary to escape from prosecution and prison.
Readers should begin to see them in a month or so.
In spite of these difficulties, the alternative Cuban blogosphere is growing
Egypt is the leader of Arabs and the sign of their pride.
Will the criminal justice system, meant to protect them, finally step into action?
The blogger says all reporters were asked not to ask Ahmadinejad any questions.
The European Parliament officially condemned the brutal repression of the demonstration.
More and more communities will become part of big cities, increasing poverty.
How will I be able to go to school?
Nor should it be ignored and it is time the world knows what exactly is happening in Malaysia.
I can tell this from their statements or actions, basically those are the main ones.
What would I have to do if I wanted to support your campaign?
Visit his blog to see the pictures.
Kenyan twitter users have been busy posting tweets related to the referendum using hashtags
They were very popular in the days before movies and television.
How many of us understand what the tragedy of violence really means?
The speech was a hot topic on Twitter where many live reactions were reported.
That means the migrants will be present in our neighborhood.
Do you think it is related to gender and power relations in China?
Its quite a shame for an African government to go for such a move.
No wonder he left us.
It might be coming to Ukraine, soon.
This video says a lot about what is going on in Chile.
Therefore, the number of girls was even smaller.
She must not think about time.
Here is a different perspective about living in India and the challenges of buying a home.
This man does not claim credit.
In less than a week, two more bloggers have been arrested.
It does not help that Israeli media is highlighting the celebrations across Lebanon and Palestine.
And a strong Europe, also
Tired of living in fear, the women of Uganda felt they had to do something.
In fact, it is less than one percent.
Will he pull out the troops?
How do you address this?
We, Muslims and Christians, were united in the same cell, faced the same charges, and defended the same country.
All the children had to do was to hold a sign, and then they would get a few dollars.
come sign again in two weeks.
I kind of like it.
She asked that if she, being an educated girl cannot take this decision, who can?
And my words are important.
I am Indian and African.
Now that I have made this point clear, let me go back to the subject of this post.
Large cabinet but potentially good team.
They are asking for a better salary.
So who needs a young president?
How are things changing after the release of your idea?
Do they know where the water they are daily drinking comes from?
This particular case and outcome is a huge victory for the people of Fiji.
Our aim is not to reach agreement, but to make people think.
Quite a few people were shocked by the news
I think this person had gone missing before and was found.
When you ask during these meetings
Moving Back to Jamaica explains why that might be.
The news has triggered online outrage among many Weibo users, especially among journalists.
Can The Calls for Peace be Heard?
People are independent with free will.
Everyone is welcome and the community is full of wonderful people.
So far, the government has spoken out against violence and has promised to bring justice.
We hope that a proper education will help us reduce the digital divide in the Island.
The most popular opinion under the Czech version
The Tunisian blogosphere is also making its voice heard over this matter.
I want him to listen to me promise to care for him like a good Muslim wife ...
International Solidarity Movement News of the Blogosphere...
Not all bloggers agree with the charges of racism.
In our own country we feel as foreigners
Businesses, including gas stations, are operating.
However, the campaign against them continues
he was arrested while leading a peaceful demonstration.
They are not a religion or a movement.
What can you say about this?
The basic facts and issues of our lives at that level are very much the same.
I am left with nothing.
Similar events were held in many schools and universities across the country.
But as a political strategy?
The fate of the country might be out of their hands Urgent steps need to be taken.
Things have changed in Cairo.
a government attempt to limit the freedom of the press in Spain.
They have no way out.
Every attempt to follow me....
They were fighting against the government.
The growth trend will likely continue
I used to contribute to his site.
Tim is a good man, hard working.
It is most unfortunate that even till yesterday, many of us denied this fact.
And I am one of them.
The government does not own any money.
Their blogs are collected here.
a strong need to share.
Three years later no one has been charged with the crime.
Because they know they will get a response.
With the double standards, how can a state run media gain the trust of the public?
A voice from the crowd
We are not, and do not wish to be, a newspaper or even a new site.
What is it all about, how did it come about and what has been the story so far?
If you missed the news then here it is
Such a short time to spend on matters imposed on others by politicians.
There is no other way.
And in the same post another reader says
Harassment of LGBT groups and their supporters via social media is common.
The president of the team had argued that he is providing an opportunity to the players.
Will Brazil Give Up On Defending Digital Rights?
Their move triggered early general elections.
Do we really want her here in Lebanon?
The other thing that keeps her going?
We need to make that a political cost.
Walk like an Egyptian ...
That is the only advice I have for her.
Below are just five reasons as to why
Russian transparency projects can be divided into five main groups
Maybe it is as simple as that.
English version is published on Global Voices under a content partnership agreement.
The idea is to establish a network.
This is the kind of thing you do
The story is all the same.
Now there is only one obvious way for Russia to respond.
A piece of information I had not known before that day.
An earlier GV text is here.
You wonder if he looks at his wife now and thinks of you.
Zambia has no known record of asking Facebook to remove content from its network.
And it means something bad to a lot of people.
Malaysia has lost a great daughter.
As I said, a lot has changed.
That helped a great deal.
will anyone remember this story in a year?
Neither was he very powerful of build.
Bolivia is a very diverse in terms of its indigenous population.
She told me this as a matter of fact.
Yet he must chance it.
I see so many people go to prison for their ideas.
You can listen to the podcast here.
A number of volunteer groups started a relief drive for victims.
We are determined to continue despite the various threats against us.
How much do you earn?
The Lost Boy raises more questions about the incident
No further arrests have been made in the investigation of the killing.
It is the test of time.
They are only to make money.
This type of narrative is important to understand our past, but also to understand our present.
The media should find out.
More than a happy ending, it is an excellent start.
Both are big events that have changed history.
The election itself will be clean and beautiful.
Plus, almost every fifth death in the army is a suicide, another sad military fact says.
Time stopped for us in a way, then.
Fast forward quite a few years.
But will the ruling Jamaica Labour Party give him up?
I wanted to know what it would feel like.
He was sent back to Iran, from where he had made the journey to Turkey.
The Week in Politics Its only been a week and Iraqi Politics has been turned on its head.
Indeed, among Western nations it is a leader in this field.
I finished reading it in two days.
I like to study, dance, read, and go out with friends.
I feel personally involved and hope I will not be disappointed eventually.
But how far will Uzbekistan go in its stated desire to end forced labour?
The people need someone to teach them.
I have no religious feeling.
The protests, however, have received very little attention from international media.
Why is everyone so shocked.
As for me, I will continue to work in Malawi and continue to speak up and out.
South Asian blog roundup  Global Voices Bangladesh
That case was also thrown out.
Why Do We Need A New Religion?
The occupation is by Israeli.
He is brave, you see.
We are all in shock.
you will stay in the isolated cell until accept it . Jamaica
And it was the right thing to do.
Three participants were unable to attend.
Child marriage is now illegal in Trinidad and Tobago.
central government office building is doing
He goes on to say
I am preparing myself for prison.
Bloggers are all around it.
They told me to email them my article.
They were very ordinary people.
Yet, he told himself, this was the best way.
Woman you could run away too ...
See you all again real soon.
Sunday we had no water
So were a lot of other people.
The same holds true for Bosnia.
It all started on Facebook.
We believe that what is important is how and why these tools are used.
Do not be afraid to speak.
I think for most people we are a symbol of hope.
The story should have ended there.
This is just the beginning
In this photo my wife is also free to choose how to dress, just as is my daughter.
So many people were forced towards death.
The challenge is to reach and to impact different levels
People from all over the country and overseas, particularly from France come to this historical event.
However, due to corruption in the Afghan legal system, he said, they had been released.
Some sought strong action to save Indians from the government
The letters have gone far beyond the online publication, and are now being shared on social media.
If he wishes to improve the relationship with the USA, then the survey will reflect this.
So far, four protesters have been shot dead by security forces as a result.
So far only these two videos in the series have been released.
Sick things are happening the world over, as they have ever been.
Many questions, and no answers.
Do you feel the difference?
Global Voices Is the Arabic language being murdered?
It was a cold hard night for the youth, with hardly any food and water was allowed in.
We mostly rely on what some individuals, or even the terrorist group, publish.
Communication has moved to a new level.
The members of the GV Malagasy team.
Democracy For Nepal has collected many photos from many sources
That was the virtual reason for why I refused to believe they are different languages.
For those of us who are active online, that means they can pretty much know everything about you.
Welcome posters at American Center New Delhi.
You can also follow the progress of Refugees United through their Facebook page.
Tell us how young people can help you.
Do you enjoy working from home?
Upon your return, what will you do with all the videos and photos?
Here and there we have had some artistic and human interest stories.
Some Twitter also reacted to the story.
the question was when would it be?
The environmental authority is being overcome
Will I be able to make it here?
Maybe we should get the word out
Because healthy, happy people have no idea that things like this happen.
But they also have encouraged victims to file reports with police and other relevant authorities, writing on Facebook
Who is behind this initiative?
In greater Africa, Morocco was first to launch an Open Data platform.
It is also important to maintain eye contact, to connect with the audience.
Is the police finally doing its job?
But pain for beauty, right?
What is the reality of the digital divide in Trinidad and Tobago?
There was a lady and the child was having issues with the mother.
But, at the beginning, this stayed just in the air.
Where did I put mine?
This woman, I was made to understand had been in labour for two hours.
We all gathered in one place.
What are some of the popular initiatives?
Look at what is expected of you
To date, neither the project, nor specific law governing it, have been presented.
The Human rights blog suggests ways to protect Bangladeshi migrant workers.
People were concerned about lost documents, lost property, and medical coverage.
Clearly, this was a family in crisis.
Why do you need more?
Even worse between Muslims in the same country.
Maybe they are just preparing for the real thing.
How did your family react?
Here are some of the photographs and videos from that period from their blog post
HAVE MORE IMPACT BY BLOGGING
To change , for example.
According to the witness who does not want her identity known, the men were armed.
Some of their members and leaders are also reported to be former Russian soldiers.
Here is one such event in Western Australia
I did also interview netizens in universities.
not just to talk about it, but to actually seek contact and to get active.
The Thai Red Cross Society continues to receive donations for flood victims.
The court hearing took place with no lawyer present.
It made several headlines as the Japanese government tried to block it, but failed.
Tomorrow, the Mubarak regime will be over.
He tweeted just after the election
I do not want to be part of the problem.
It is highly unlikely that those of us living now will ever see the likes of him again.
We were scared for our future...
Currently, however, the session has ended.
The four main internet providers are not working at present.
I just had a visit to the San Francisco Livejournal office.
The full press conference can be viewed here
The group describes the day as
The authorities have lost control and wanted to channel it instead.
They can afford not to.
Hong Kong people are not just struggling for their own democracy.
Is the Orthodox church losing ground?
Location of the North Korea nuclear test.
Anyone who supports parliamentary democracy based on a constitution should never ignore the plight of refugees.
The question of indigenous art and culture is strongly linked to identity, and rights.
What was the objective of this protest and what was the atmosphere like?
What is sad is that education actually increased the abortion rate...
Or, is it the fact that we are too sensitive that makes us an easy target?
Not for the poor people.
Image posted to his official Facebook account.
The further we are from each other, the better.
And explain it some other way.
The post also has a detailed roundup of blog posts about Ethiopia.
the time to decide on them is now.
There is no need to translate a photograph.
You could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble.
Ahmed from Egypt had always wanted to become a journalist.
Turn it back into a hospital.
While we had thought of him one day dying, when that day did come, no one was prepared.
But she took a bus to meet him, and a few days later, they were married.
are women treated with respect?
Do you sometimes receive threats because of what you publish?
Most of those children currently have no national status at all.
There are other problems, too
It is a great initiative.
Where is the transparency and accountability?
We will not forget her name.
What we want to express at the end of this article is very simple
I hope it will be published in English soon.
for years organized crime has taken the lives of hundreds of people in the area.
In the past few months, Ukrainian and European fans have organized a series of unprecedented actions in their support.
I always did what I wanted to do.
However, I think why think about just Singapore?
For the regime never stopped bombing areas no longer under its control, targeting civilians in these areas daily.
All and all, Earth Hour was a total failure in Brunei.
The full contest rules can be found here.
Indeed, as Public Radio International reported
Do you feel like an adopted Puerto Rican?
So behind the numbers what does this all mean?
After watching the prisoners for a while, the prime minister says
Emergency Services bringing in all we have.
The man had thrown the left hand over his eyes.
A Kurdish blogger explains how the protests began.
Nearly all of these sites are based outside of Ghana, and many of them outside of Africa.
Stay as strong as possible, stay together, and maybe....
Concludes by saying that the authorities have lost touch with reality.
Just like you have shown who sent it and who received.
There are numerous funny and interesting situations along the way.
How hard it is for you and for your family, being who you are.
For this kind of news is heard all the time, but they sometimes turned out to be false.
The deputy, on the other hand, may have such funding.
Check one of the videos below
But you would be wrong.
I pray for their safety.
We had money and we could buy a car, we could buy anything we wanted.
During my free time I read about you and learn how to be successful.
The attack by security forces begins.
Time to go, I supposed.
What if you knew the Victim?
We have peace now, so that the State focuses on developing our economy.
If they are healthy, we release them within two to three days.
Keep an eye for updates and latest news from these bloggers.
We can apply this process to every topic though.
Global Voices interviewed the team of the blog.
So I went about my business.
I think you might find it interesting.
This is to be expected.
because they had two doctors
There are so few good hospitals, and the supply cannot meet the demand.
This had never been done before.
They kept him alive, waiting.
One of them lost his life.
So, we are all tied to the terrorists.
For God and my country.
What can be done to prevent them or prepare for them in the future?
Good old American activist government.
The activists do not discuss politics, and usually remain silent.
Facebook and Twitter later said they would not block any protest pages in Russia.
How would you react if the police made an appointment with you for an arrest?
The blogger says that the human rights record in many countries is worse than Iran.
All the Arabs I know felt a deep sense of responsibility to speak up.
Democracy is not only majority and minority, it is to provide security to all citizens.
All their funds, which they can easily raise via the Internet, are spent on concrete action.
Get rid of them too
We can plant native trees and protect natural spaces or we could destroy them.
Who told you to come to my Facebook wall and read what I write?
There is no basis for the international reports claiming Israel was involved in the matter.
The media will be shut down and internet blocked.
The first has to do with the past and what it can teach us.
He also demanded the arrest of the people behind the recent attacks.
Some paid with their lives.
The neighboring Arab is no better...
Neither she nor any other Arab reporter is allowed to report on Israeli Jews.
They can ban it legally, but they have no technical means to implement such a ban.
We always go there during normal days.
I am angry because these five Hong Kong residents are just ordinary people like you and me.
Several photos of the celebrations went viral.
He was jailed the following day.
I must thank all those that made this possible.
Foreign tourists who will learn about case on the Internet will also not want to visit our country.
Plant as many as you can
I am not sure how long the culture will last.
Where do we come from?
But, this is what I know now
Not everything African is evil as we are made to believe.
My source in the Ukrainian police told me this week
I had a chance to talk and see many of you in the last two days.
In the first, she provided some background into the circumstances that prompted the attack
Following some of the reactions from Twitter
The Institute for Palestine Studies decided to leave it up to Palestinians themselves to tell their own stories.
Blogging has given me a better understanding of online tools and media, first of all, and their possible value.
It is about the country we want to be.
I doubt you know those years well, better than I do.
I demand you all to report this page.
In this post we hear the reactions of bloggers in Gaza.
they are literally right under our feet yet we pay them no attention.
The other thing, of course, is donations.
There is no home throughout Egypt that does not have someone lost or injured.
But the government has responded with this brutal crackdown.
how could he, not being a religious person like me??
He had suspected this guy was trouble, and now he was sure of it.
You can choose not to file taxes with your country of origin.
The results of the summit?
This goes against the main reason beyond an economic one for traditional media outlets to go online
They just want us to make films about food, clothes, entertainment.
And did I tell you?
Today the police informed the public that five people have been arrested as the result of an investigation.
That in itself is enough to make me get on a plane and do what I can to help.
There are still many other challenges
This is the Global Voices entry.
However, there is still much to do to be considered as a Japanese citizen.
These bloggers are the most popular within the country.
and he would come after his son another time.
Upon her return, she spoke out against the violence she witnessed.
Do you choose to be on social media?
are the most kind people I have ever met.
What do you see as the influence of blogging on Zambian media?
The lawyers say the child needs medical attention.
MY GOD WHAT IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE.
I believe that my religion has more to do with love than with hate.
Who will win the game ultimately?
I need people willing to engage in it.
the space is going to continue growing more than it was in the past five years.
Online reporters are ready to support them but again, Internet connection is the issue.
We need more writers to get there.
So what are they asking for?
African literature will continue to exist for as long as there are Africans.
We are thinking of his family.
His goal was to obtain a National League team for this city.
There have been several new newspapers in the market.
In the first post of the series, he writes
There is also a video of Malaysian voters in London
Egypt has so far maintained a relatively open policy with regard to online speech.
The protesters remembered several other political prisoners too.
What happens once these images are posted on social media?
I was there at that time.
Do you think the rally will have had a sustainable impact on Malaysian society?
This company should be asked to go.
But this is not the main thing.
On Twitter, reactions continued to flow as Assad spoke.
Boy, was I a trip.
We believe the best way to support these emerging voices on a global scale is to listen.
Global Voices covered it in June.
And someone is asking me why am I defending her?
It made so much more sense when he appeared on his own TV show.
Perhaps this is not so little.
What are your biggest challenges as an organization?
It is not clear how this would be carried out in practice.
However, the official language is English.
I should see blogging not as work but a fun past time.
Image from Hong Kong Free Press.
This is a rather strange one.
It is not right to arrest someone prior to investigation
What is little known is that the great majority of the Muslim population decided to remain in their villages.
Many netizens shared their photographs and videos via Twitter
She also describes the daily difficulties of getting to and from university.
For the rest of the poem, see here.
At the end of the day, I felt I did my part.
We need to feel safe.
He declared then that his camp was now in control of the country.
No one had much to say.
Who does what at the environment ministry?
In short, this is the last post on my blog.
The message is very clear
I have traveled to places much far than Saudi Arabia.
The rhetoric is a little strange.
I respect the Egyptian people.
He says such beautiful things to her, makes her feel so special, so wanted.
Please visit their site today and show your support for their efforts.
Then I have strong feeling that the Egyptian government has nothing to do with this.
The charges against them are related to state security crimes including
Maybe my blog and an online presence might even gather some thoughts by people around the world.
And do keep an eye on the Summit website, Twitter and Facebook for updates
You need freedom to produce.
I think, in fact, the majority.
Others called out how authorities were using the case to cast themselves in a positive light
We deserve to be FREE
He demanded to know if his statements were true or false.
The transportation ministry created a new kind of license for the business.
Why there is no more justice?
I hope my apology has been accepted and will keep it to myself in the future.
The video is the thing that makes people feel.
And they have had some success
No food and no water.
The blogger says Hamas leader after receiving all financial help from Iran, called Turkey as a model for Palestine.
it is our responsibility as a nation to ensure that they do.
Now here is the surprising part.
What has been your biggest dream?
New Political Party is Born  Global Voices A new political party is born in South Africa
the initiative has received a lot of support
Read the review and then read the comments
I could get along without that three dollars.
But this is not the most important thing.
At the same time, I want to be true to myself and my values.
We are all demanding justice.
if they are not living in China, the government does not need to be responsible for their social security.
What is fact is our life in Iraq as we knew it ended at that day.
I refused to participate in these activities, and became an advocate.
The purpose of the survey is to determine the role of the internet in Singapore media and politics
Image taken from Republic of Silence Facebook page.
However, these are mostly operating on mobile phones.
They might commit a crime.
She was only ten months older than he.
Is a deal in the cards?
The government eventually back down on the law.
This cannot be done within a day or a night.
Photo from Facebook page of Free Voice.
Here are just two of the many posts that express this point of view.
You can follow the project on its blog, Twitter and Facebook.
People started to share the images on Facebook and so they soon seemed to be everywhere.
He also translates a few responses in his post.
We very much appreciate what we reached today.
But he was turned away from the party after the Cultural Revolution.
My point is to highlight positive things that are being done in Africa.
It will only give them an excuse to attack us back.
So there is no journalism.
NGOs and rights groups can use it to spread positive messages and connect people.
He showed the rules of taking good picture and video.
They had a tour of Moscow for free
Below is a roundup of what the Israeli blogosphere has to say, going into the elections.
In reference to the problem of network, an official statement will be released.
Education for a human being is a window to the world.
Comments on the video and reactions to the punishment have been spreading throughout the blogosphere.
Has the idea changed since the start?
on why the wedding of a public figure is a matter of public concern.
As artists, they were very similar.
I have your phone number.
University students are the most active user group.
What is the current state of the Internet research in Russia?
North Korean refugees in China.
Even a book like Animal Farm can teach the little ones to love and care for animals.
If this is the truth.
However, all is that is changing, as climate change is having a negative impact on their way of life.
Please visit the Global Voices Haiti Earthquake page for more coverage.
Let me give you an example.
She also posts a video of the country she is moving to here.
They do not deserve rescue.
And that is why I will not merely do what we Lebanese do best
The question attracted thousands of responses written in the same style.
You call a General Election
I am a proud, hard working citizen of Trinidad and Tobago.
The programs do not take sides on the issue itself.
There are two types of people in the world
but what does this have to do with democracy?
Western reporters joined the party last summer.
In Russia say that it was just an accident.
Visit the special coverage page for regular updates.
Are other people out there having the same experience?
Havana Times was of the view that
I know our country news are in every where ...
It is easy to create a blog, to run it can be complicated.
i think not everybody has read it.
Read the post to find out how the police reacted.
And this is what gives me hope.
They also burned photos of Iranian leaders.
Why do you think a man in the street should read GV in Spanish?
There is nothing to be afraid of.
Here are some of the highlights...
You do not need to sign as member in a blog.
All the same, there was criticism directed at Russia.
On top of which, as if that were not enough, there appear to be more coming.
Most of them get some sexual disease.
Natural disaster in Iran is not only issue the only thing Iranian bloggers reacted to.
We call for the full economic, cultural and academic boycott of Israel.
Western, not representative of most Peruvian women.
He writes specifically about National Bank of Malawi
It is hard to handle it.
One day they used their weapons against us.
We asked whether the water is safe to drink.
What is the position of Armenia president?
In Libya, he thought he had to help.
The Peruvian Amazon  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Forest Focus
We did not expect this much, truly.
This map shows the countries where the votes were cast
Videos like these give the world an opportunity to say India is the rape capital of the world.
And the reason would be because I hate his fans.
As the first sentence suggests, both roads belong to death in the end.
Both his brother and business partner were released in December after having spent four months in prison.
When I was alone with her, she talked to me about her family.
Taking pictures in the Gulf is challenging and even when trying to take pictures of women.
still, it is a great initiative that could really help improve living conditions in the region.
The town is now isolated which makes it difficult to transport emergency relief.
I will definitely be back in Tanzania soon as well.
Some claimed they were being censored.
It was really just the beginning of a conversation that needs to continue over coming year.
Some even become so famous that they stand the test of time.
They have only themselves to blame.
Get the word out across Venezuela
I believe that the photos of the Mubarak brothers should have its own post.
For he had just remembered
Some may say that the Internet is poor in terms of Arabic content, so what can he read?
Is it really possible to have an Islamic State?
The first past the post do not necessarily become the most successful.
He is really good at making videos because that music makes anything sound better
The police has earned a bad name as they are used for political repression by the ruling parties.
Is this also a part of the cultural difference?
The two situations are not quite similar though.
Having you here is not just a visit.
I am asking every blogger who reads this post to act in the same manner.
Have you heard about the Guardian Council in Iran?
The journalist responded on Twitter
That depends on the style that you have.
It certainly looks as though a good time was had by all.
I cannot stay in one place for too long.
Pray for us, and come to help.
If they understand the law very well, then there should not be any problem for them.
people who get rich at first should help the rest.
We refuse to let this happen.
WAS THERE SIMILAR INCIDENTS LIKE THIS BEFORE THIS ISSUE?
But what if you are on the wrong side of that political power?
He argues that the success of the first video contributed to the failure of the second video
Not in the least, perhaps we should do that even more.
Because it is an injustice to our OWN soldiers who are fighting.
Is that really where we are heading?
Religious leader and activists petition parliament  Global Voices Religious leaders and activists petition parliament in Uganda
To mention only two things
You just keep on living.
The meeting aims to promote the use of national languages in new technologies.
Maybe nobody will doubt if I register the Communist Party of Uganda?
Her sister just announced her release on Twitter.
your dream, by our reality.
He was wounded, but fought on.
Are you aware of that?
But he never expected to do that.
I became totally shocked after reading just part of the story.
He became famous after he published a protesting post...
People across North America will understand our demand.
on her way home from the protest she died.
Some local media also received threats
But that is not the one talked about these days...
It is not clear how long this has been in place.
We also have officers on the group wall that ensure we give professional advice on various topics.
Let the other team rule.
We in this Department must think about foreign policy in its total context.
There are several other websites telling the African story.
Did you get any response?
Only middle class people who have access to online get information on floods.
Go outside of that and you are in trouble.
Doctors have warned that if he continues the strike he will die soon.
Do police officers not have real criminals to find in Australia?
Sick On the other side of the border, people were divided.
Check it out, share it, and sign up
In the worst of times, it is impossible.
Sudan Vote Monitor will receive reports via text message, email and through its website.
I receive monthly offers to work abroad myself.
is he or is he not?
According to his story, he refused, but one of his friends did take the money and went to vote.
It happens in front of us and while we do not take notice of it, these things will continue.
This has not been the case.
There are actions to be taken.
Of course, there is no reason.
however, this was his first trip following his participation in that international conference.
We want to show that this Chile has changed.
Her lawyer claims that she was captured before the journalists died and the charges were filed later.
I personally do not care.
One free phone for the whole floor and huge lines to use it...
Head of the Ecuadorian Truth Commission at work.
If the objective was to promote cultural activities among students, the law can consider itself successful.
Now the government still thinks that this is just a threat.
Interested in South African music?
Like they were helping to carry people from place to place, and so on.
Just last week, the latest violence is believed to have displaced thousands more people.
It took only one hour for the first posts to start showing up.
It was the video broadcast On TV about prison torture in Georgia.
Closely or at a distance.
It also contains many extremely offensive comments
Do you know others that are police officers of color?
With Love From Sudan Initiative
It really affects your life more than you can imagine.
There have been stories going around the Big Bad Blogger for months and perhaps years now.
The power is within us.
This was already a few years ago.
So perhaps the penalty should match the crime.
These kids were like all kids.
Read the bill text in English.
Her death is a big blow to Malawi as a nation.
the lack of women in the tech industry.
Some of them we deal with on a daily basis.
Voices on the Armenian side, however, say fighting is ongoing
There are thousands of Myanmar migrants living and working in Thailand.
This at a time when
A detailed time table has been published by the organizing committee on the official website.
This is the last Labour Day celebration of the present president of the republic.
News reports also showed the scale of the flooding
He has urged the Federal Attorney General to stop the investigation immediately.
If it is, when do you think you will realize it?
Widely shared on social media.
This post will provide a taste of what it does look like.
To me yesterday was the worst day of all.
This is something they have been doing for years.
How does this make you feel?
I will not stay quiet and allow people to treat me however they want.
Are the Refugees Returning Home?
The result to a certain extent shows that the breaking views model has its appeal.
Is it only the job of the political elite to talk about national unity, political reform and national dialogue?
He also has an advice to those who are visiting Serbia
Shortly we will release more information about the case, along with an open statement of support.
On occasion he has written for Global Voices too.
In the apartment itself, all was still.
For him, Turkey is the best option.
We have lost a man who knew a lot about Zambian politics and the former years.
their application for refugee status in Canada was accepted.
A popular daily newspaper in Lima reported the facts.
The first case was discovered last month.
How do you organize your content?
I also learned a lot from other people in other countries.
Where were the Africans who were like me in Spain?
I like to play it.
And even a public figure?
According to the campaign leaders
The Republic is coming to an end.
I hope to still be alive to turn off the light and close the door.
One blogger thinks that is the right line to take.
They feel they are like you.
Some women even called for her blood.
Now, we will see how the opposition will react to the mass beating.
Family is a central to Azerbaijani culture.
More on that in the next post.
The truth is no one knows what will happen...
As they say, without papers you are nobody.
Malaysian politicians think too highly of themselves.
Buy a Politician and get another for FREE
So, said the next President of the US.
The law did not make parliament.
What happen to our country?
There is an urgent need to improve infrastructure and education.
Otherwise, they will return to their dirty job in two weeks.
Is there something else you would like to say to the readers of Global Voices?
Twitter capital of Asia  Global Voices Indonesia is the Twitter capital of Asia.
His action tries to match his pain.
Take a look at them, and then visit the online petition here.
Will a new constitution be needed?
Later, you shall know it better.
Some might guess it to be an activist group fighting for the rights of the elderly.
Next to the list was a question
I asked him where he was.
Before, two agencies performed these reviews for the entire country.
This was initially a private family matter but later became political.
One hopes this is not the case.
Sure enough, there was not a single picture of a funeral for the dead Arab bodies.
Like, what a strong person he was
There were also discussions in Twitter
It is they who deserve attention, space, and a voice in this entire movement.
Here are some of the reactions from the online communities
We want a law that has everyone in mind.
Rising Voices, however, is much more than an initiative to bring local voices to a global audience.
His first thought is about the question itself
A very good deal indeed
Roughly speaking, most of these civil initiatives fall into two groups, experts say.
where once there five, only one is still living today.
Politics and Talks  Global Voices United We Blog
They can file a case with the police.
The event is open to all but seats are limited.
They took the decision in secret on a day off.
This is not funny at all.
Our policy needs to, but so does each and everyone of us.
One newspaper ad posted in December read, in part
A band will start playing live soon.
This is particularly true in site selection.
How different with the man I met yesterday, working in the market.
Do these people actually understand what they are saying?
I know that I do not earn a single cent out of this.
Protesters back to Streets  Global Voices Iran
Accused persons could not understand it.
So the government is barely operating.
We are not afraid of sanctions...
have a respect for women.
NOW SHOW US WHAT YOU CAN DO.
We should add economic requests to political and social ones...
Will I live or will I die they think to themselves.
They played a great game for sure.
So seven hours is part time.
We have ended up being a minority in our country.
Already his cool body lay in the ground.
It is also on these people, on us, to better the situation.
But why do the people of Bahrain, Syria and Yemen apparently deserve less from the governments of the West?
As explained by the China Media Project, the cartoon shows
Did you read about any of the above in any reports issued by the Associated Press?
There are also some discussions about the privacy problems involved.
On Twitter, users from Kuwait shared many pictures of the storm.
Hope so, under some different name.
Very few special events compared to the past.
There were videos submitted from Canada, Spain, France, and the United States.
He says that in Lebanon there different classes of Lebanese prisoners in Syria
This Twitter user echoed his sentiment
The year had a bloody and violent beginning.
The charges appear to be related to the photos he took during his trip.
So how does one get more people from Kenya and other parts of the world blogging?
Is Soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago??
He is also the representative of CNN and Human Rights Watch in Bangladesh.
Are there ways to address these issues on a global level?
Why do the hate us?
He left in the hope of reaching Australia, a place to start a new life far from the war.
It is a reality that can be seen in all aspects of life in the country.
But words are stronger than death.
But who took the girl to the doctor in the first place?
A key difference, however, is the addition of the Internet.
If not, violations will very like continue to happen.
Which is why I gave it up and learned Korean.
Anything that makes you enjoy life is not allowed
In View from Iran, we read
This is what I try to do
I hope you know that we are not creating chaos.
The reaction took them by surprise.
Is the anniversary really a reason to celebrate?
What high school students like to do on the Internet?
In this case, the Times has removed any mention of its previous statement regarding a Chinese suspect...
In this sense, people find that our content reflects their own views.
There are more than enough reasons to doubt the election will be fair.
Do not wait to become very sick before going to the hospital.
Read and discover what he has say about this new and changing India.
Is it really for us?
I draw up nearly all of the content but I do have friends that check some things.
Now the civilians in Gaza cannot receive reports covering the situation in their land.
Is he responsible for moving away from green revolution?
As he admitted himself, he is devoted to only two things in life
Another father, brother, sister or child is now waiting for desperate aid from us.
However, it was never translated into a law.
And every year I find a new reason to love myself.
Nothing new there, so why not just do it the right way?
If this act is passed i can go to school and study for a great career.
At least, this is how I understand it.
We have not met before, but we share similar thoughts about the situation.
These people suffer a lot.
As a US citizen, I felt I was sitting out history.
An third party entered the scene.
Calm on the inside now.
For the rest of us life is back to normal.
But actually, could someone explain to me why the hell there should be higher birth rates?
It cost me another three years.
women were not allowed to serve as judges, but can now serve as investigative judges.
It used to be up on the website.
She also collected waste from the street and sold it to make ends meet.
A story in the Times of Zambia ran thus
Other Global Voices authors have participated in their own blogs too.
Powers you think I have...
Though temporary, the high court ruling is a win for free speech in Tanzania.
No one really wants to touch this topic.
Tell us a bit about yourself and how you joined GV.
You used foreign military force.
The trial was scheduled last Friday.
I am still searching for my daughter.
The first of its kind in Japan
Macedonia has some of the highest air pollution in Europe, creating severe health risks.
It is time for the Vietnamese government to learn that it can no longer escape accountability.
But some have questioned the distribution.
By no means, does this deserve harsh punishment.
The two were beaten to death.
The officers then refused to take her to the emergency room.
Well, he and his wife are free, you have nothing to do with it
The roads were clear, but not empty
Some Moroccan bloggers are heavy into the holiday.
She sat me down and we had a long talk.
Will Twitter Japan do more to address online hate speech?
But what they sign up for is often not what they get.
People who are involved in this of course do deserve HUGE respect.
But whom can they jail?
No one came to help me.
It is people like us who make and bring peace.
See his GV interview here.
In the words of Jamaican blogger Active Voice
He thought of her, the first one.
The two cities are the major financial centers of East Asia Sri Lanka
The water problem is a great issue at the moment between these two countries.
I would be very interested in participating in something like that.
But few years ago, the situation was different.
Do you feel like you made the right decision?
No one seems to know for sure where he is currently.
There was not even a control center We visited the accident scene yesterday.
Reactions in the blogosphere were diverse.
He was then arrested by security guards, as the video below clearly shows.
It is easier to conduct a significant political campaign in a small city.
North Korea Tech blog posted several pictures of it with some background information.
This article is part of our special news coverage Europe in Crisis.
We have been through this.
The author of Cuba, the truth comes out into the light, believes the opposite
Learn more about their efforts from their blog.
Is there any contest or competition taking place, is there any park around here?
I find it interesting to write here.
As a result of this alliance, we see the regime changing its stance towards torture.
At least they are building something.
A Facebook page has also been set up with the details.
Some people in power have tried to silence us and to deny us the possibility of expressing ourselves freely.
CNN has issued a response.
So far, no arrests have been made in the killing, which sparked outrage on social media
Before that, the website was known to be blocked only China.
The people are always with their leader
The blogger posts his photograph but no information about his charges.
A city is a living being that always has something to offer.
We are just a good community.
Then the man comes up to a guy and asks him to leave.
The fight, sometimes defeat, often success.
The federal police is well represented.
If a house is being distributed it is linked to political exchange.
But continue to put economic interests ahead of our human rights.
What are your wishes for your blog after receiving this important award?
This used to always explain to me why our country is poor.
We gave power to them.
We, at Focus, support initiatives to promote healthy family entertainment.
comments on how Indians are racist themselves.
The article ends with the conclusion
Of course we are concerned about our safety, but we do not plan to leave the republic.
We did not get there.
Friends and colleagues believe he is being subjected to severe torture.
He made this completely clear.
However, subsequent reports have suggested that the US government has indeed been getting access to user content.
Most voters connect with TV, not the Internet.
So what else is there from around the world?
I went to the bank.
Such events are not new in Bangladesh.
it gave me my own space...
She too, was denied her request she was, of course, allowed to cast her own vote.
Photo from Asia Justice and Rights.
Its impact was noticed on the ground as well.
Help raise advocacy efforts to expose environmental rights violations.
While supporting her, I also want to ask
But there are very few people making a living on their songs alone.
This seemed the future of democracy.
we now know that this is where we should aim.
My country has no respect for human rights.
Russian academic literature podcast Not only do we have great writers with global voices, we also have great editors.
Thai farmers during protest at Government House.
And I spoke in the assembly room without changing a single word in my speech.
the only Arab country that was awarded a Nobel Prize ...
Here are the ways you can help
They do not have minds of their.
This article has also been posted on Voices without Votes.
It is against our faith and our society moral values.
We have published the results of our research in this list.
And yet we continue to do what we do.
And here they are demanding a street or a square be named after him.
I guess he wants to ask you some questions.
No sign of this story in the mainstream Western media that I have found.
And the rest of the world will move on.
This move raised many legal debates.
The Year that Was in Madagascar
I understand I am asking for people to engage in illegal and dangerous behavior.
However, many came to the support of Pakistan in its decision.
Screen shot of YouTube video.
In the eyes of some Nigerian bloggers included, this was a sign of greater things to come.
How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed?
I really enjoy this type of show and I hope it will continue for a long time to come.
There are different ideas about what freedom is.
Angry Arab analyzes what Lebanon is going through and why from a social, regional and historical perspective
Iran did not take part.
All that is left for me, is to ask what you, the reader, thinks.
Global Voices Democracy Now
Internet connection is also bad.
We had orders to shoot anyone trying to cross.
I, as a matter of fact, did not send any message from that account to anyone.
What could possibly go wrong?
It felt great in the dream.
Egyptians actively supported the Tunisian Revolution as any Tunisian national did
America has divided more than she has united the West.
There is no time and no space.
We do remember the good times but are constantly reminded about the bad.
An independent journalist who runs his own personal news blog uploaded a video
but tomorrow , it might me a different case.
They said these were evidence of my criminal activities.
Not Iranians nor any one else on this world.
His comment on the protest
Chen then talks about his political principle as an intellectual
This may be the reason why Lebanese bloggers, in general, seem to be on a break.
How much does the domain cost?
The EU has had little to do with that war.
attempting to stand every time I fall.
According to the Gulf Discussion Forum page on Facebook, six more arrests took place this Friday.
When there is no security, then there is no government.
Blog for Cuba has details.
Facebook and Twitter are available in Hong Kong.
If some of the protesters fight arrest them to.
They see an opportunity and they follow it.
The truth of the matter may, however, be much closer at hand
This is what she has experienced so far in the community
But she would soon escape into the memories of better times.
It is difficult to cover them all in this roundup.
Regarding Ecuadorian blogs, as in everywhere, you have high quality blogs, but also from the others.
At the end of June, at least two such newspapers were launched
However, the vision of these politicians has not reached the young generation of Japanese voters.
According to the Facebook group, the first festival
Under this new charge, the four could be sentenced to as much as seven years in prison.
But that was only one state.
In this Twitter poll, users gave their opinion
The occupation troops are closing in my city.
Why websites but not blogs?
I try to keep in touch with them through messages or any other means.
This is important for our writers spread across a diaspora but all looking to stay connected through literature.
A future that is up to us to decide.
A challenge specific to the Roma population?
We have yet to see photos.
The group has already organized three public debates on the matter
Government is making sure that all kinds of food are available..
Global Voices On social media there are people saying things.
This is why I think Taiwan should not choose to become the next Hong Kong.
Those in the public eye should be good examples of American citizens while abroad.
I know that people still care, and will say so as often as they think it safe.
But today we were aware of only two men.
That is, maybe not too much of a lady.
My mother was already there and the flood gone.
Would they still like their name so much?
News From Chinese Blogosphere  Global Voices Blogger Movie
even if they have a heart attack.
Had no idea who she was.
Within minutes, we were back at the detention centre.
He left a short note
My products have traveled to parts of Latin America, the United States, and Spain.
Egyptian blogosphere was literally flooded with images, comments and jokes.
Read the full report Brazil
You can follow citizen reports and reactions through the following Twitter hashtags
Google was forced to leave China before.
But one thing is for certain
The five of us were accused of exactly the same thing.
How has posting your stories online affected your writing?
What If African Media Reported US Elections Like Western Media Report on Africa?
The full text of the report is available here.
Damage to the health and education sector in Gaza.
We do not recognize the current border
a dedicated store, the first of its kind, just opened in Paris.
Rafael is a political prisoner.
It has been like this for thousands of years.
The reason for the block remains unclear.
Singapore is among the many countries in the world considering such legislation.
That will help them get ahead in life.
Are they getting the help they need?
Brazil has now been involved in an unusual diplomatic situation.
The Kenya police website was broken into.
challenge the political parties, and make our issues the central issues in the presidential campaign.
We ignore the obvious and turn on the innocent.
But, the rest of the world, be it English, French or Spanish speakers, was left in the dark.
Tell us about your professional life and its relationship with your blog
In recent days, however, the story has appeared in the international media.
I would wonder if I was on the right path.
It is a very natural outcome of the kind of society we live in.
Were you supporting him in the past?
Driving News  Global Voices Russian driving news
Liu explains the department attitude towards popular culture.
The blogger adds parents were arrested by authorities to avoid any demonstration or protest.
The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia.
A legislation on the other hand goes way beyond the statement of the principle.
for example, is sure of the opposite
In the past Iran did not get involved with terrorist acts that did not have any benefits for themselves.
With their permission, I am sharing Facebook status updates from friends that gave me strength.
She and I are growing up together and the tear and wear are showing on us both.
Another way of putting it is
Best Social Activism Campaign and Best English Blog.
In fact, it seems that the strategy has worked too well.
In such case, art is a strong way to make their eyes open.
Would you believe her word, or she has to provide some proof?
But we plan to do that the next year.
it also blamed some websites for turning the people against the army.
Demonstration in Tehran  Global Voices Iran
And by Arabic here, they mean blogs in the Arab region that are written in Arabic language as well.
I am sure the situation is similar anywhere north of Beirut
The state authorities have been monitoring the people who are using those in alternative way.
The journalist affected has not been informed of the release.
I ask this of you.
But the government would just as soon ignore the date.
One who is opposing longer ballot hours is none other than the major ruling party.
We want to highlight these voices and help others understand them in context.
One might claim that most of Turkish public is not even aware of the hunger strike.
Others also recognized how important the extensive online coverage was.
Two things strike us moving through the blogosphere.
There are no statistics available on how many people return home during Eid.
We have to keep faith in humanity.
So, I was quite lucky.
Getting people to at least consider the use of open source software in their daily work.
I plan on continue writing on all the things that interest me.
What was important was that it could have had them.
The top photo is of the American army in Iraq.
This is a moral choice.
But this winter is different because they must deal with rain as well.
for most of whom government service was a great opportunity to help support their families.
The whole thing makes me understand one thing
Living to learn and learning to lead....
Not a single reaction, nothing.
Seven other Facebook users in the country were imprisoned at the same time.
As he shared with Global Voices in an interview via email
They often demanded sex services in addition to food and drink, she says.
Such a man could not be allowed to live.
Were you there the whole time?
They were produced in collaboration with Global Voices and Witness.
Islam is the religion of peace.
But can love and the way we think about it, also be part of this concept?
This is an English media outlet that everyone can read.
High school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students.
The blogger says the next generation will suffer for what happens today.
If one does not really listen, he is condemned to not learning, to not changing.
Several bloggers had something to say about his report on progress in Iraq.
To put it shortly, improve the situation, and it will get better for everyone
The Freedom Park is located far from government buildings and the parliament.
The Aid Information Challenge website promises future events in other countries.
One of the parties, Alliance for Development and Democracy ADD, explains why it was formed
He wanted to be a man of fashion and loved parties.
An editorial in the Trinidad Express added
Whatever you ask from the mother, you receive for sure.
The constant danger is you can never be sure what will happen when you go out with a man.
As far as my own research shows, blogs are becoming more popular in Afghanistan.
and a mother her son.
Photo from official Facebook page of Wear White.
In the wake of the deaths, there was widespread outrage.
That is the domain of the judiciary.
In this work, what can you share with us as a memory?
When will it all end
There were mixed reactions from the blogosphere regarding this topic.
What was the reaction you got on the Internet to that first episode?
Style up guys, opposition does not mean opposing everything.
How has the public reaction been to the story?
Global Voices Japanese workers wait for the train home after a long day at the office.
in his opinion, this was a case of racism.
The new time has come.
Murder is not our goal nor is it part of our traditions.
used under Creative Commons license.
And so are the Russian fans.
I asked him to write it up for our readers and he agreed to do so.
But by then, the damage had already been done.
What do you think of this?
Who could blame her for that??
I love you so much and want to protect you.
Were you surprised by the response that you got online?
I understand why they do it.
So to our friends across Europe, let me say this.
Being raised in Africa developed in me a big respect for this form of art.
They have stated on their website that they will kill more people
An apology was later released on her Official Website
We liked it very much.
We were all so much younger
We were united by our city.
Support them in their times of need.
I think it starts tomorrow but it might be today.
high school students use online video to report their issues.  Global Voices For a...
Where is justice in Cambodia?
And finally, I always have the freedom and economic ability to leave the places I go.
Students were arrested by the police.
On Friday, UN Women Pakistan issued a joint statement stating
She took her argument even further, calling the assassination an attack on freedom of speech
The question is what can you buy with that???
The Beijing news offered this update on its official Weibo account
We do not know what was done with my father.
He also claimed initially that only one or two people were wounded.
Why did I not take interest in what was going on in this society back then?
The campaign received attention in Turkey, Tunisia and Greece as well.
The African Media Initiative and Media Monitoring Africa are just two examples.
The explosion was the second targeting a Lebanese Army bus in less than two months.
Do I and my family have to leave our home now?
It was a picked assault company.
And especially as a young person, the choice of leaving is also a choice of dignity.
He asked us to keep her away.
Most of my blog posts are inspired by everyday experiences.
In the days that followed, more details emerged.
There was no dream of escape for these people.
The blogger says Afghan became refugees in Iran because of common language and religion Persian.
In the article, the author informs us that
Now they collect this much.
The man driving the bus at the time of the assault has also been suspended for failing to act.
We want to stop this.
In the story the girl wrote
In Guatemala there are a lot of mixed opinions about this topic.
I credit this to one reason only
The government also insisted that it is not a policy to block the website of opposition groups.
The fourth program is Green Community Development.
Various factors led me to start a blog.
The media environment in Russia is not good right now.
Watching TV feels like watching TV under some crazy dictatorship.
The following day, Facebook status line updates passed on news that the singer had died.
What I can say is this
By this evening, you will no longer be mayor of Port Spain?
Reminds me of my own country.
But, as you will see below, there is not always a clear agreement about transparency.
So it is with this recent pay cut.
Above all, we are people, members of the same race, the human race.
Alive in Baghdad are collecting donations to help the family with the funeral costs.
This is a public fraud.
Most of the special forces and police vehicles left.
The link is to the Red Cross.
The lady in the Parliament who was thought dead is actually well.
The problems are with the editors.
And now a simple question
Photo from the Facebook page of Free Voice.
However, no such law has been introduced yet.
Below is a photo showing the car accident scene
First question from Kuwaiti press
What will be the new name for Southern Sudan?
He received the same response from Portuguese and French authorities.
Seven bloggers decided to join the election race.
The Blog also comments about the blame game
That has been one of the best highlights of this year.
After all, it is the will of people which allows you to become the President of Egypt.
How did you come up with the title of the blog?
Words cannot express how I feel right now.
In a society where there is no hope for tomorrow.
His father looked him over closely.
There have been several efforts to control the media in recent Bangladeshi history.
I think to myself, what I am doing here, and why am I not there.
well, it makes you think.
Besides the Oscar, it won numerous other international awards.
Where do these visitors come from?
The lines of cars waiting for fuel is getting longer and longer.
Netizens used Facebook to organize a protest under the slogan
We will wait for pictures and continue to update everyone on the story.
People started to contact the blogger directly to provide their first accounts of what they had heard and seen.
What do you write about on your personal blogs?
Spanish national team, thanks for all these years.
But not everyone agreed with this approach
I meet so many men from the Caucasus here.
How different is he from just a Russian I mean a Russian citizen here?
The justice system remains broken as ever, and nothing has changed.
It is a big responsibility.
But I did not think the controversy would come so quickly.
Kenya  Global Voices There is some good news and bad news coming out of Kenya.
Go East, Young Woman writes
May she have a long and healthy life.
his family made the announcement on his official Facebook page
She writes about what she is wearing while visiting Pakistan
Since it was a very hot day yesterday, I thought it was a forest fire somewhere.
to take care of themselves and their family.
This also is a good strategy for newspapers to start using blogs.
Thanks you for the story.
Are There Happy Places in Ukraine?
Numbers started to build up.
Right to Housing initiative  Global Voices Indonesia
On the flag  Global Voices United We Blog
This post is part of our special coverage Forest Focus
discusses the friendly links between Taiwan and India.
The Venezuelan government, however, reveals more conservative figures regarding the issue.
But we cannot put advertising.
Content that goes against state religious policy
And you call yourself a professional?
How did we get to this historical moment?
Russian criminals will be overcome when Muslims become the majority in Russia.
Not in this way, in their own capital.
Plenty of photos will be taken so we can share the experience with all of you.
He will go there and say what we are doing here.
So I will be at the march.
A beautiful image of a very old tradition.
In other words, was it their way of saying, we still matter in this new America?
Such a turn of events...
It was a challenging question.
It was a dream come true.
Awards will be given to the best local, national and international short film and documentary.
The bid to prevent the vote from happening began early.
I did very little Facebook advertising.
In Little Haiti, he said
This changes daily based on the number of refugees and based on what other volunteers brings.
And so hard working voters like myself are as afraid of the police as the bad men.
However, the project hopes to expand
He faces a year in prison, if found guilty.
No good girl should stay this word
I have also formed a youth group called ICT Community.
Also, all these rape protests are good and necessary, but are women making any changes in their own lives?
We wanted to investigate what people in these countries eat, also where they eat and why.
it is rare to find all these stuff in one person.
There seems to be little in between.
This is a sentiment that others have echoed.
Someone has reminded us here today
His mother is holding up well.
Most are unable to return to Palestine
This is not the first time we have noticed this phenomenon.
If there is no freedom of communication, will there still be freedom of expression?
East by Southeast has more details.
The Iranian president was a recent guest in Indonesia and he was very well received there.
Sometimes they put you out of action for days, sometimes for months.
Reports have confirmed that the couple have a child together.
How would you like to see it develop?
Chile said that we have to think it over, and decide on another solution.
Such are the people that stand with us.
Why did the victim have to take it this far and show her face?
And that will lower the price?
He says we played a much better match than had been expected.
What could state agencies and the Internet do for us?
Make sure you vote early
There was a lot of blood and I was really very scared.
For the first time an Egyptian blogger has been detained by security forces.
No words can express how much power we have when we do a little extra to come together.
Why there was so much talks, discussions and debates about this story?
Welcome to the Global Voices podcast.
It can promote group solidarity.
I called out to her, inside me
words have power and are even more powerful when you are someone of note.
When and how did you get into blogging?
What is Happening in Tunisia?
This is a typical scene in southern states.
We want the best because our struggle has been big and united.
There are however certain elements on the net that seem to support blocking websites.
The blogger confirmed the situation with his twitter friends.
The Moroccan universities teach in French, then the majority find it easier to express themselves in this language.
Here are more Twitter reactions
Below are some of the responses by Afghan Facebook users submitted in May.
Discussions between the Opposition and the Government is still going strong.
Especially because we were not given the space to discuss what had happened.
Tomorrow it might be too late.
We should send them from our country once and for all....
The journey will be soon.
No unusual security on the streets.
Baghdad Connect says all they want in one line
I myself am going to do something similar, if I go there at all.
The essay is also available in Portuguese.
No internet and no Satellite TV channels and nothing.
It also provides a platform where users can discuss the candidates.
The idea was to break their image of strength.
Readers left their own thoughts on the study in the comments section.
an online video address to the president or prime minister.
I was bringing a completely new model into the market.
Hundreds of people have died and thousands of civilians have been displaced due to the ongoing clashes.
I understand how you feel about the child.
Could you tell me about some of those laws?
Ali and I stayed together for nearly two years.
As of today, it is no longer illegal to be gay in India.
But we forget the role that artists can play in helping that fight.
Despite our faith, our reality is different
You can find many articles on this theme on our Languages and Internet special coverage page.
In Bahrain, the Spring of Culture has just started, a cultural festival that will run throughout March and April.
And this is when I loved him the best.
What do you think of the environment in Lebanon?
According to Living in Barbados
Details can be found here.
Why are we here and what we want to achieve?
Who Does This Belong To?
Here is a list of more Bangladeshi blogs.
If possible, he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present.
She promised herself that she would never let her own daughter suffer such torture.
Barbados Free Press noted that this was not just an issue in Trinidad
Protesters raised their voices against organized crime and drug trafficking, and demanded greater security.
A place where people are kept as animals.
If you want to see terrorism, this is terrorism.
Many groups took advantage of the time to produce content during the workshop.
Buy the Wall Street Journal.
Living in Barbados thinks that the government has some explaining to do.
I promised the country free and fair elections.
So our government would do well to increase the funding of this vehicle.
Some write for the joy of writing.
And you allow us to feel and share a corner of your life.
A statement on the blog reads
To show you, the editors of news sites and bloggers as well as our readers that they could.
At least not in recent years.
I spent my prize money on driving lessons.
They are also currently held in detention without trial.
Critics have also suggested that journalists focus too much on identity rather than humanity.
And when would have they held it had it not been an emergency meeting?
Hope for me that somewhere along the way I will get on my feet again.
Later on, it was proven that what the singer said was not true.
you can see a few more photos in here
This would be an interesting property in the Congolese version.
There is no way of finding out what happened.
But if it is important, what can we do to improve ourselves??
Now most of them try to invite people to the election.
this is just the first round
No, not the ones in secondary school.
No one could however ignore the issue.
The elections do not happen until tomorrow?
Why did he want her to go to church??
I think AWARE, and a lot of people, are reading too much into this song.
Information belonging the previous government is not longer available.
to ask them what does this mean to you..
It is important to remind people that an agreement is an agreement is an agreement.
Experts say the majority of rape victims never report the crime to authorities.
Strange but a very effective support of private schools.
In a brief post she writes
In fact, some believe that media in Russian are themselves a threat
They went out of their way to maintain a very low police presence.
All these will promoted on the internet.
And already the project is getting a great deal of support.
Details of the vote on the constitution.
But in this case, the question remains
The man remains in critical condition.
Many of them have businesses outside of Indonesia.
At any rate, today, of all times, both sides have everything to gain
You can follow him on Twitter at
The hair of a woman is a beautiful thing.
Two other men were also killed.
I really wanted to talk about love.
That tweet was also shared more than a thousand times.
However, this profile comes with a price.
And, mind you, this is a shared taxi system.
I want to capture only the happy moments.
An apology is not enough.
Some think that computer classes would be of more use in high schools.
That is why I am proud of you.
As the taxi driver who dropped me off at the airport said
The debate between the two continues.
After maybe ten days, they called us.
Did we just do that?
My brother was the security guard here.
Not for this cause or the other.
It seems that not only media outlets are the one who have double standards.
So why the initial fake passport?
Now, our work is becoming more dangerous with every passing day.
It was one of the very few times we were able to go out together without the kids.
Lebanese politics, something like marriage
I have been working on this project for more than three years.
He could have been one of those.
I tried to cover more or less the whole exhibition.
Only a small minority comes from a different racial origin.
So will the rest of the world.
Freedom of information is our right
Is there a big conspiracy?
It is a message to our leaders
They are considered political prisoners by various Latin American human rights organizations.
They are wild and radical.
Photo from the Stand News.
More report and photos from Hong Wrong.
We need strong institutions that respond to our demands
It is such a moving moment.
Could Bus Accident have been Prevented?
Putin makes the key political decisions.
The number of schools has grown in the last few years.
We followed some Iranian people . Sometimes we send message such as
No one thing in particular.
I was imprisoned for trying to improve the status of this nation.
We should help them understand this.
But there are other concerns as well.
I called some of my friends to make sure, and all of them were sad about her.
You know what it means.
The last activity led him go too far which was the reason he started to do drug as well.
I will protest and I will take back my rights.
I imagine my loved one dying in all the possible violent ways.
In response to Beirut Boys post, Gay Middle East tweets
Now, they gave you example from Western world.
you are what you eat.
Many have gone on to claim that Khan has united a divided nation with his fall.
Double standards are also violence.
Now we only have ourselves to blame.
we identified him and he was fired.
Here is a round up of some of the Twitter messages from a few minutes ago
It is difficult for journalists to report on what is happening.
It is not a situation most want or enjoy.
These living languages contain rich cultural traditions and knowledge passed down from generation to generation.
He concluded that the matter should be decided by a national referendum
And for a product it itself is selling.
Man I hate that flag.
People basically had to put out the fire by themselves.
What was the main purpose?
Either fear or ones life.
The rebels are in the capital.
This shows that Islam is big, not only Arabs.
Not certain of his source of the campaign spending figures.
The department wrote one for me.
It should be in the museum.
Chance conversations like this just do not happen in the media.
Here are some of the tweets and photographs shared yesterday, which show flooding.
This is the first of its kind organized by a Chinese governmental sector.
And some are even using technology to take matters into their own hands, in a way.
In May the book was published in the Uk and will also come out in November in the USA.
All this happened while I was standing there.
I expected us to do better.
Example of a ballot with the names of the candidates.
Very funny but sad at the same time.
I work in IT security.
The application had been shut down for several weeks, due to security issues.
Cast your own vote with responsibility to country and the nation
If so, please let me know.
So I started to draw on the computer.
Are Bloggers Such a Threat?
The complete documentary can be watched here
You want them to let you vote.
Muslim American activists taking part in the summit have faced criticism for participating.
Just imagine how life is there.
Obviously, this is a very complex matter.
In fact, Indonesia is among the biggest markets of Facebook and Twitter in the world.
Each word should come directly from the artist.
The vote was electronic and you could vote in any voting center.
This government has its values in the wrong place.
Everyday, everywhere in the world, without leaving Mexico, you can find more of them.
Did the Arab Spring lead to greater climate action?
The revolution will be blogged.
Who is going to win the election?
Here are a few of the most interesting stories of the year from the Iranian blogosphere
Clearly this is not the case.
Are we ready for free speech?
This should be a model for all.
Who did this and why?
There may be a case of this sort, but it is not one we wish to argue, here.
Then why was the site not accessible?
Today the desperate father is asking the help of netizens in his long search for his daughter.
And this is not official?
What would happen after a disaster in a normal society?
All the best to her and to your country.
Some would even say that software development in itself is a form of self expression.
My wife asked me out of the blue whether that radio host is Muslim or Christian.
A fake wedding is coming...
And now I have to ask
He is currently on temporary release.
we would rather not have any part in your war on terror.
But some how I remember all those moments.
How does a common man survive in such an economic situation.
But it is the principle of the thing.
This strike is as they say, for the eyes of Jordan and Egypt...
Israeli human rights group have launched a blog to document the abuses during the current violence in Gaza.
So if you want to get the youth, find them on social media.
We have accepted that the story is false.
This week, we take you to Ecuador, Uganda, Bangladesh and Ukraine.
But, likely, there is no understanding what is the use of blogs in principle.
The following images are from the past six months
People to a certain extent enjoy cultural and economic activities.
They have increased the price of fuel by more than half, in the absence of a Parliament.
The boy was born three months after his mother married his father.
To some extent, the government and the media have to assume the major responsibility for the current problem.
Our duty is to remember them all.
The blogosphere is divided over whether the move is a good one for the country.
I hope they free him soon.
How has the project been received in France so far?
and a number of companies are set up to supply them.
However, the issue continues to divide the country.
Those problems indeed exist but these are not the only ones.
She can get it if you really want
this boy needs two things
She was creative, motivated and loved life and people.
However, there is something we can do.
This is a flag with a message
She did not think so.
We appeal to the people of southeast.
This is how the governor sent his men to act.
Is it still Brazil or has the US taken over??
Photo via Radio Free Asia.
But in the blogosphere opinions and views are somewhat different.
It is now that I am sure of a state that has no law looks like Iraq.
One of them beat me over the head, and I soon found myself serving in the military.
Two days later, however, he wonders where all the coverage went.
How individual citizens of Ukraine react to the identified lack of this basic human right?
Indeed, the Russian presidential election has been anything but ordinary.
We need to be free to express our feelings, thoughts and opinions with no fear of anyone
The video can be watched in full below
No charges laid against them.
I am studying Russian at the moment.
They also share stories via social media.
There might not even be an election in March.
Every driver would slow down to view the accident scene.
It was about what he personally believed in.
Only blind belief can make someone blind.
We recognized some of them.
Since then we have been in contact via email, through which we spoke about the following
But there is one thing that I still want.
Work, Influence, Self Care, Decision Making, Order and Money.
We were with her until the last moment.
What is the position of our Minister of Culture.
There were so many of us
They must have some idea of this?
Image via Twitter Global Voices
I doubt, there is any Iraqi still trust the Americans ...
His family have never come to visit him.
I love everything about it.
The battle is not easy.
The political goal is to sell that policy to the voters.
My feelings about what happened in Gaza yesterday
He adds he does not understand what matters more with Iranian girls or women
More and more, this is being applied against online media.
And since blogs are global, you also have readers for everything too.
But not everyone was excited.
Are Police Cars Running Over Protesters on Purpose?
Or will it be another sad and tragic ending?
Long live Tanzania and its people.
How do people in Ethiopia respond to your work?
All is set for a great day of Football tomorrow
Now even that is lost.
Do the poor have a chance?
Life without electricity in Syria
NOW WHAT HAVE U DONE FOR AFRICANS?
What a waste of time.
And I believe he holds an American passport?
The bill does have opponents in the government.
Everyone is responsible for the behavior of other family members.
Art culture is a joke?
Good morning Syria, good morning revolution
Neither had any publishing experience, but they had faith in their idea.
And what a team we have
What is happening in Tunisia with the youth is not new.
The court decision caused many reactions in both mainstream and social media.
Football and Politics  Global Voices Football and Politics.
When we entered, my friend, who was in front of me, suddenly stopped.
Launch of the Wear White campaign.
Tiny Times movie poster via Wikipedia.
Anyone attempting to view will be met with the block page below.
On the basis of which law is he going to stop access to information?
I no longer can bear what is happening to me.
What are you doing to make the numbers grow?
According to Playing for Change
Japan and Africa  Global Voices Africa Beat writing about Japan and Africa
But still, LiveJournal is not accessible from Kazakhstan.
Areas that very few will be able to go to.
In one of his tweets he says, China
And, as of this morning, he says he knows whom to blame
I mostly think about the audience in a more general way.
In the first part of his reports from Kyiv, he writes
How does social media contribute to your political work?
Thursday morning, she took to her Facebook page once again
So what was behind your move to Jamaica?
For example, I think that no one is teaching you this in school.
They seem to be in deep pain.
They could still read the opening
Once again, not even one person I know has ever been caught.
What will the government do with the humanitarian aid?
Should we continue to wait?
The absence of gas is critical.
It just struck me as wrong somehow.
Obama has continued to support the effort after Bush but then any President would have done the same.
At law school, the same.
We are going out into the street
So, we can see the growth of civil projects and online activity of Russian Internet users.
This will allow blogs to be created easily.
There was a connection with these people because most of them were, just like me, from the province.
But what do they look like from space?
in both Russian and Ukrainian.
I called for a new democratic and secular movement to fill this.
I hope will receive the message.
One thing is clear though
that is, if the latest polls are to be believed.
But will they be able to overcome the financial challenge of the Internet?
These young men may not have known anything about any song in their parts.
They were released later that day.
But the local elected leaders and the administration did nothing.
And we end up finding out when such abuse happens.
they cannot be ignored, so we organize our way around them.
But the time is right, now.
Dhaka Daily Photo has more pictures.
Do you want me to tear off my clothes?
And was there no one you worked with whose name you could remember?
Is Obama good for Israel?
Nobody asks the state for advice on this.
Across much of the region, life went on as usual, as Throwing Down the Water proved in this post
It was they who held the future in their hands.
That was the end of our conversation.
Also keep an eye on China Digital Times for updates and links.
One should be able to get hold of the book at once.
Users can purchase most of the materials at local markets.
Failed education policy  Global Voices The ruling party in Zambia has failed to deliver on education
I remember my friends often...
But that bad woman is selling out her country.
someone who wants to get rid of something and a person who wants to receive it.
With that wife of his, I think he feels every chance he gets is his big chance.
The news sparked a heated debate on social media.
Below is a selection of comments, translated from Russian
Change your line of work.
they already support that type of work.
Against the bombs There are also posts with arguments against the bombing of the Palestinian refugee camps.
The original text of the email follows
See the original article here . South Korea
We suffer a lot with discrimination here.
But think what the North did so far
How can they accept this kind of conclusion?
There are no doctors around her, only her husband.
Death is the solidarity of the current government, according to the Popular Front blog
Thank you for taking the time to talk to RuNet Echo.
Is there an audience that you aim for?
The special service was a tribute to those who died in the Burmese protests over the last few days.
I am concerned about how it will affect families and our society itself should this be passed.
My phone was taken away from me.
It was built before Islam.
According to them, they cause of the protests in Myanmar
What really works really well, hands down, is anything to do with history and culture.
Artists of the world ..
It is something that is formed.
Since first days of Iranian revolution many people were forced to come before TV and make statements.
We still have a chance.
The edited version below is republished on Global Voices under a partnership agreement.
The blog says what these women asked for such as more legal rights, is our wish too Persian.
In recent years, Putin has always blamed the Americans for everything.
It was the last time I saw them.
Why are you doing this?
We will soon hear the news of the deaths of more than hundreds of people.
They believe they are preparing them for the world of work.
And he was good at what he did.
I was personally never a victim of any form of hate crime.
We work together as a team.
Though it is an impossible wish, but I really wish that.
The Global Voices Caribbean team will continue to monitor reactions to and further developments of the story.
You know this, and I know this.
Image widely circulated on the Internet.
Another blog that deals with the same topic
How did you come up with the name for your blog.
Users submit links to news content from around the web and vote on their favorite links.
This is not love but hatred.
You can take it with you.
I know the work is in our hands.
Prosecution of social activists must end
As I grew older and was promoted, so was he, always where I was.
We do with them what we like.
But there was a positive voice even from the refugee side.
The most important thing is to comment and participate within that community.
You can see video of the moment on Facebook.
Then in our minds, we made a link between working hard and success.
Most of the work has already been done.
They called this the Open Access project.
Please walk with me on the same road.
Discussing Ethiopian elections, Freedom House observed that
What does it all mean?
If it is not stopped, there will be war.
We try as much as possible to meet the most urgent needs of the population.
One revolution was enough for us.
Sometimes bloggers provide photos and news before mainstream media.
The event was primarily promoted through Facebook.
I can say that there I saw death.
A man to his wife
He had already been jailed for the first time a few months ago for participating in a peaceful demonstration.
So, I find myself wondering, how many will do it?
I DO NOT KNOW WHEN WE WILL LEARN
I left Afghanistan because there is war there
What do others think about this larger issue of anonymous blogging.
Surrounded by many soldiers, the computer room itself was empty.
Or can we rely on these standards to work themselves out in practice?
I was back in Nice around this time last year.
I was surprised to learn that so much money was kept open in the bank.
it is a matter of life or death.
Besides reporting the story, the media also published numbers, analysis and opinions of the presidential message.
Week in Review  Global Voices From the Olympics opening ceremony
The post includes a video report.
You can see the discussion here and add your thoughts in the comments.
More reactions were seen on Twitter.
At the airport, we got a taxi.
Following is the explanation that comes with it
How much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program??
But even if it did work, I will still be far from happy.
It seemed as if everyone was content with the situation.
In this interview with Global Voices he talks about the potential of social media to help the Palestinian cause.
We will carry on our investigation tomorrow.
Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.
Demonstrations condemning this event were quickly organized.
They also urge the whole society meaning us of supporting their plight.
The campaign has triggered debate over the use of social media tools and has discussed cases of online harassment.
Were they Canadian, Egyptian, or Sudanese?
Do you go back often?
Regarding social media, the legislation states
probably as middle as middle class can get in Jordan.
On the outside this looks like an ordinary set of playing cards.
Who will take back those year?
for better or for worse.
He explains on his Twitter account
There are probably some small projects that I am not aware of.
They reason, they explain, was his personal safety because they were afraid some Egyptians may attack him.
Blogs were used to promote national unity in Malaysia.
That way almost no one will come to their rescue.
I wonder if in our country that money could not be better used somewhere else?
That, I hope, will lead to better policies of transparency and information.
This is what we have.
The other piece was somewhat of an accident of birth.
Education Malaysia is asking just how Malaysia plans to do this?
The China Daily has a list.
He or she knows you by name.
they were killed by our very own government.
This move made it difficult for me to keep in touch with my friends and colleagues from the region.
The truth shall set us all free.
How do you react to this?
The report covers three main areas
The fact that they were beating up the injured is a shame.
It took a long time.
It is all like this
Several food companies united to drive up the price this year.
Bloggers There were not that many bloggers just a few years ago.
I think that parade should be allowed.
Indonesia has a bigger Muslim population than any other country in the world.
The demonstrations calling for a referendum on the state model have not ended just yet
Especially when it comes to these four areas.
Will you publish another two pieces
If they were clean, I would totally let them.
Perhaps could learn a thing or two.
Finally, though, the great moment arrived.
we see only the things that affect our side.
Are we heading towards a Christian state?
There are other similar small things you can do to bring success in other areas of your life.
Now, to prevent a crisis, these groups are pushing the president to accept the holding of presidential elections.
As a rule, one hate goes hand in hand with another hate.
The exchange is as follows
Blocking online content should be an action of last resort, not the first.
Or can blogging be life threatening?
a spot of free PR.
I get up maybe once every two hours.
This post was originally published on the Witness blog.
One of her last tweets read
Too many questions, without answers.
Every single count was on web radio, on Twitter, on Facebook.
As a result there were many posts discussing these topics in the Lebanese Blogosphere.
Here is one of the comments to this post
Many say the crackdown has targeted views that are critical of the Chinese government and party authorities.
Violence continues in the region, but is rarely reported in the mainstream media.
Have We Lost the War on Drugs?
Online social networks make help preserve these relationships.
The girls did a good job and are having fun.
Long live France, long live Mexico
bringing everyone up to speed and to the same level as far as possible.
You will never walk again, I told myself.
Let us hope dialogue continues, with or without the Forum.
He ended on a very personal note
New Research The Yemen War Online
There are three people involved in the translation process
The festival provided no further details as to the cause or the party behind this censorship decision.
But we have a long way to go.
You can see the list here.
I think that I used it to meet up with the world.
He suggested the move would put the Iranian government in a difficult position.
Also two years ago we had another project...
There are words from Greek, Kurdish and Bulgarian, too.
He says, this is a rare opportunity and that we should go on until freedom.
but he was aware of it just the same.
It is as old as the Bulgarian state.
Where do you hear negotiations on that policy?
Things basically turned out the way everybody expected them to.
international mainstream media from Brazil and Spain.
This depends who the audience was.
It took me right back home and I felt at peace listening to it.
As they say, welcome to Russia
As such, they must be able to continue living together after a resolution.
What is the value of the spot?
If walking is not even allowed, what others ways do people have to make their voices heard?
If it is going to be free and fair, then the Social Democratic Party would lose out.
However, recently, the song was turned into a joke among social media users in Egypt.
Even in the face of our high murder rate.
Now this slogan also has a separate Facebook page.
And then they became one.
They believe that somehow, those that gave them life should be able to protect life.
What follows is the text of that exchange
They are also victims of a system that long ago abandoned them.
you are the wife of Mohamed?
The blogger also noted that
Every day I visit a different hotel.
A university class given on the street.
So who does he turn to for help?
before we say it is over, this trial is not over.
We need to grow this movement.
The current situation should not be viewed as the end but as the beginning of another round of conversation.
High spirit in the square
I wish Egypt could fill up on the likes of those men.
I look forward to a chat where you can put my mind at rest.
It will be up to the two remaining candidates to decide whether they respect or contest them.
Apparently some people did not enjoy their evening in Bahrain as I did.
How am I now going to get updates about what is happening in Uzbekistan?
In reality, the first hours have been filled well before then
It is an interesting question, which does not have a clear explanation.
Not all candidates are in direct competition, however.
We have what we have.
Winner of the I Vote poster competition
One or two letters a day.
But these products are really dangerous
Now, they have to monitor their performance.
In last place are countries like Afghanistan, South Africa and China.
Freedom of Information laws must be tied to issues that people care about in order to be effective.
Why should TV be any different?
Within minutes the Blogs were updated and fighting back.
Neither proposal has become law.
Soon, other regional netizens started blogging about the event.
We are, after all, discussing subjects that are important to us.
Photo sent to Global Voices by anonymous and used with permission.
War has come to a new part of our world today.
Not completely, but in part.
The powerful are being protected from the people?
And why has no Western media really commented on his rhetoric during his own campaign
He was so different from that cast and time period that had been so established.
Otherwise, they are just observers.
Most Iranians who tweet are activists supporting the protest movement and promoting a cause.
Angry Chinese Blogger provides a link to the Chinese text and English translation of the verdict.
His friends and family fear he is being tortured and that they may never see him again.
Such that would end when they were taken from the park?
This is a good sign.
until he learned to type.
See his full coverage set.
Neither knows what to do with the crowd.
So many more stories to be told....
What about the more serious matters in life?
But when you sell it, you talk about market.
Come to think of it, anyone would be better.
You can watch pictures here.
We need justice, security and stability so that people can live their lives.
It starts with arguments about language and ends with conflicts over land.
And the members of congress, the ones that should represent the Brazilian society profile?
There are those days when Africans on Twitter decide to pick on each other.
I think they may have been.
The best apology he could have given us is his resignation.
This is not the case in Syria.
the latter cannot exist without the former.
we do need to build a dialogue with the authorities.
It only serves the authorities, no matter who runs the administration, all these years.
However, the outcome of this election will have an impact that will last for a few years.
We feel a need to communicate and to share our experiences with others.
That will give you the confidence you need to keep going.
The brothers asked for one thing
Soon a car came, but, because the night was becoming heavy, the driver refused to stop.
Many of our colleagues have experienced imprisonment and even, in some cases, torture.
What do you miss most about Cambodia?
The further I read the more I am convinced
My life has always been about service.
She would always bring me there.
He has also been the subject of targeted surveillance.
Someone else tweeted almost two weeks earlier
This was my doing mainly.
Our planned site changes will give people the tools to explore the global blogosphere.
Do you have faith in the Cuban blogosphere?
The Great Social Media Debate  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage
They have not grown up, but we have.
Everyone needs to know that Egypt is safe for people.
Two more weeks under state of emergency?
Human rights organizations have called out to create an international committee which would research the claims.
Campaign image by Amnesty International.
He knew that he was born for that.
I remembered something a friend of mine once told me.
but definitely better than what we have now.
Are Countries Legally Required to Protect Their Citizens From Climate Change?
and did I want to meet her at the funeral home the next morning.
An Obama victory will be welcomed in Indonesia.
Last school term, she was also at the top of her class.
The interview has caused an interesting debate within the Cuban blogging community.
Is he the President or what?
We must draw upon our past experience to overcome the crisis.
What is the image the world will have of Fiji.
Why did they bomb the airport???
This view is also very widespread on social media and for that matter in traditional media.
For more information about the conference, check out the detailed program and how to attend.
God or the need for God?
The wide use of social media has changed cultural and political values throughout the world.
Hope this is taken into a more serious action by the Lebanese youth
A project within the project is some television series.
We need a healthy entertainment industry.
Everybody will want to attend football games if such incidents happen there every time.
a fifth series will launch in Ghana later this year.
In an update, the blogger wonders
That will be it for this week.
I am from the Ministry of Transport.
But the actual reason is still unknown.
I can feel total censorship in the air.
Are Politicians Making the Most Out of Twitter?
All she wanted was to fit in.
It turns out that they planned from the start to take the community for themselves.
But on what basis is this against the law, can anyone tell?
We translated a Burmese article which exposed the conditions of refugees living in refugee camps.
Dear Editors, Journalists and Friends, Some of you do wonder how I send news in such conditions.
Helped with something good and met some great people
He has also lost members of his family to violent attacks.
The mother surely has psychological problems.
Spain is indeed a giant of the game, largely responsible for the development of blind football.
If indeed we are serious about union.
There were all the women at one end and the men all at the opposite end of the table.
He notes that nuclear power can be an option for Indonesia.
But, during the first few days it was touch and go.
One wonders six months later what the outcome may be and to whose benefit will it be this time?
This is just our beginning, not the end
Mainstream media, mostly owned or under the influence of the government, ignored the appeal.
Above all, you spent some time as acting GV editor for Latin America.
They were later arrested by the police.
Instead we do what people have come to expect from us.
Have we ever asked ourselves this question.
Eventually I knew I was going to use film as medium to tell stories.
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack.
That in itself is a great challenge.
Came back from the School.
It seemed to me that she used to teach in the past because her language was good but slow.
When will these students understand that nothing is free in this world?
The complete entry can be found in his blog . The Caucasus Network
This is the reality of Thailand today
a message in support of our universal humanity.
How have you gone about reporting on strong Cambodian women?
He was accused of insulting Iranian religious leaders and doing propaganda against Islamic Republic.
When it was all said and done, both sides had filed reports with local police officers.
Photo used with her permission.
She informed him that if proper action is not taken, she would report to the International Community.
Where do you see Ghanaian journalists going with New Media?
There was a great deal of destruction.
There is still water in it.
He knew that he would be released again if he went to jail.
The only real differences are
Have a great week ahead, friends far and wide
And I write what I want, when I want, and how I want.
And the third is his attempt to establish a relation with an unknown world.
Questions on the survey include
Walk one day and it is a protest.
The countries that take Eurovision seriously simply have no good pop music.
This is some big historic progress.
We should report the cases.
We were doing all we could.
Here is a continent that is struggling with financial problems.
Another history is always possible.
Is one man really worth two women in Islam?
The film talks about family church in China since the Cultural Revolution.
If we consider our own time, our shared concern is
I guess I am not the only one.
The next day I started my tour of the city.
How did you choose your topics to shoot your short films?
But on some Brazilian blogs, the debate is about the media coverage of the disaster.
So what a war is am supposed to fight?
The updated reports on the results of the election will follow shortly.
Let me start by saying what the hell is this country coming to?
However, the company has continued to run its business, according to its website.
Violence and terrorism keep happening due to the videos on the internet.
But she also questioned where the line should be on learning the same things over again.
And I get lost every time.
The military has denied him a private a doctor
It would be the end of open sharing.
At the beginning, I did some research of other campaigns that were on the internet.
It is not easy to rest in peace.
Most people you meet on the street are young, as are the majority of government employees.
Here is a video of their work
I have personally met with Uzbek border guards.
An Iraqi Tear gets a call from her son.
Blogs should be seen in two different ways
But you are a Minister.
Religion aside, this has sparked a debate around gender and personal freedom.
and the kids with us.
I write for a living.
Actually our country is still under military dictatorship.
I told him I was a journalist.
The minister simply did not show up.
Is it because it is a holiday?
More on the Election  Global Voices A few more links on the Polish election
If a discussion of every line of the law needs to take place, then so be it.
There were also updates on the fire
There is no need for so much political rhetoric.
Netizens widely protested this and the hate filled posts were later removed.
Put an end to it already.
But here I hear stories of not just jobs being lost but also communities.
So this is pretty close to home for me.
Here are some of them, the most recent ones.
Do you fear your father?
Trump as a police officer
Twitter SMS service is no longer active in Africa.
I want my country to be independent, always independent.
The attack took place near the King David hotel.
Eurovision Song Contest is the victory of democracy.
He posts a video here.
Is the media in Malawi free?
They love their children and want the best for them.
I was up to no good.
and I saw an announcement..
But there was no body to see me being beaten.
My story started one Thursday.
This is hardly a surprise but community can mean different things.
I do not hear any similar treatment for Myanmar citizens who are detained abroad.
Or did someone just lose most of it on the way to the bank?
May be we know now how.
He loved the idea, so the next week we had our first meeting.
Talk about really trying to pull one over.
The moral of the story?
I never thought this would happen.
Get out while you still can
Because I remember what a show it was about and how it kept growing more expensive.
Public demonstrators need a license required by law
It was said in a public space, not some private post.
It might be based on a particular news story, but its consequences are much far going than news.
He has been heavily criticized for this.
She has people that speak for her most of the time.
They use that water for drinking.
How Many African Women are Online?
She opened her post by saying
There are many more videos both on the It Gets Better Project website as well as on YouTube.
To know about the former, you might know about the latter.
They were searching for weapons.
The political establishment in Indonesia has never seemed less popular.
Otherwise, the silence was complete.
Since there is only talk and talk and talk.
They may, of course, be wrong about this.
She was so happy when she saw the place that we made for her.
Its performance has attracted a number of bloggers calling for action now.
Did you forget the shame our nation had suffered?
He keeps moving from one room to another
The fight continues and the power belongs to the people.
Photos of the environmental damage caused by mining have circulated on Twitter
A number of students are also blogging about their experiences.
In his post he says
On one level, the protesters, most of them young, are giving voice to a generation of lost opportunity.
Well, none of it is true
Why A Region Is Poor?
That there is an on going Review?
The consequences of this coup were not long in coming.
Party politics had little to do with this.
A voice was given to the ones that never had it.
A Great Loss for the Nation  Global Voices A great loss for the whole nation
this was the last one
Footage from the presentation in Bulgarian and Macedonian
And the last thing, to want to improve themselves and do it well.
It was our right to be there.
While some documented videos of the storm, others took the opportunity to comment on environmental and social issues.
What do you mean how?
What does the future hold for Egyptians?
The writer explains in detail how some Filipino men prepare dog meat
These are companies that originally started off with a few million dollars worth of capital in the first place.
There was no question of that.
Take a look at Arab newspapers.
I was fired over a blog post I published last December
Publishing information that is under legal process
Nothing else could encourage me to study hard.
I want to see my friends free again.
She left her last words to her father
Family is what happens to people when they spend time together.
These are every day stories, so common that they seem normal.
We need to ask ourselves
The case has drawn a huge amount of discussion online.
How was the survey actually conducted?
She only recently agreed to speak publicly.
Above that person are even greater forces.
Young, single, what else could I want?
At worst, we will die...
The post mainly discusses about how dangerous it is to be a journalist in post soviet countries.
It was like I was kidnapped, along with a number of other journalists.
I felt like maybe I had fallen love.
And those who can do something the US, do nothing.
It is worth reading again.
I am happy for him because he is a human being who has feelings.
Is it part of a conversation?
but he was sorry for everything else.
My answer is not at all.
But would legal action against Facebook actually help put an end to the killings?
Press freedom concerns thousands of lives.
So its not only Kenyans that are suffering.
And some would argue that it has worked.
Language would be one of the ways.
Does society have a good image of teachers?
They tend to ignore subjects they know little about.
What is your opinion on government censorship?
And it is very sad.
I told you that yesterday I went to the hospital to get to know it.
And that is my aim.
There is still deep racism in South Africa.
A number of protesters were killed and many were detained.
When I first spoke to her, I was surprised by her courage
The latest wave of unrest in the region began in July.
A selection of relevant tweets is here
They have no legal status under Indonesian law, cannot work, and have limited access to education ...
Why lose the calm confidence?
The three others got off easier.
Do you know why he stopped blogging?
I also thought I could reach out to others like me and learn from them.
When will we have that quality blogs?
Science and history also show this violent side of Mexican culture
Women and girls who live in camps outside the main cities are the most vulnerable to sexual assault.
One online platform cannot solve all these problems.
He also criticized the opposition party for failing to provide a clear political agenda
They made the offer in the form of a letter in which, among other things you can read
Global Voices More than ever before, censorship seems to become the rule in Tunisia.
Usually, Juan comes up with a name, then I come up with another, until we come to an agreement.
And I can still see that woman with one eye missing.
This, perhaps, is what this article is about
when I wake up in the morning the sound of bomb.
Could you mention other sites that cover similar problems?
i knew WE WERE READY FOR CHANGE..
But she is not the only one at risk.
The conference was quite successful.
Voices from El Salvador reports.
He posted this message on his Facebook page
So we have a few questions for the ICT minister.
This need not be the case.
Then get out and stay out.
Beijing News in the subsequent two days.
The chief of the coup just returned from China.
I sometimes take part in discussions.
I read a few articles and wanted to write on the topic.
The crash has many questioning how serious the government is dealing with the new project.
Share the stories about where you come from, so people learn to better understand.
She is simply the best
The opening should come in September this year.
Her husband has to be the first man in her life.
A couple mentioned they would like to work until they meet the right man.
We also talked about the refugees.
What was happening in your head when you were signing the verdict?
Photos widely circulated in Weibo.
At the parliament, everyone spoke about it.
Go attack the issues on a different level
Sorry, now we know better.
No once I make this much money.
I believe our country shall get it right.
I could not believe until I saw it with my own eyes.
This has become a matter of principle, and everything, even the more important things, are pushed back.
What is it that makes someone risk being jailed, beaten and tortured?
it no longer seems to stand, to a Western audience at any rate, for African writing as a whole.
They were all good men.
Many jokes were circulated in Lebanon during this war.
A person without principles has very few friends.
This is just another piece of tragic news that we read everyday.
I know of a lot of cases.
One possible question for discussion
It is the last in a series of three articles published on Global Voices Online.
When asked about the threat of censorship, he said
Tajik authorities have yet to confirm the charges against him or provide any update on his situation.
These views and opinions do not necessarily represent those of Global Voices or RuNet Echo.
We refuse to sit back.
My only hope is that one day all Ministry of Interior personnel are gathered in the same place...
For a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw.
But it appears somewhere on the island people were dying.
In this way we will be able to enjoy safe streets.
But that does not change the fact that it is wrong.
This goes beyond domestic politics and places Japan in an extremely dangerous position on the world stage.
Forced us to rape each other.
They live at the police station.
History will remember his life, to be sure.
This enormous support came as a surprise to the authorities and opposition leaders.
A thousand woman protesters were demanding to stop the event.
That is what they are calling them now.
Here is one of the responses
Most of them are well educated.
History has proved him right until now.
This is a sad day ...
Indonesia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Yemen  Global Voices In this roundup
He also urged Muslims not to stay silent in the face of such events.
I focused on two problem areas
And since then, more than a dozen online resources providing independent news and information have been blocked.
Go ahead and meet him
Now we have one another.
Their parents have been working in Russia for over three years.
Can you defend the rights of a sick child?
The first part can be found here.
On the late opening of polling stations, one netizen had this to say
The picture is intended to be shared by supporters of freedom of expression on social media.
The idea is simple and anyone can participate
Can you talk to us a bit about being an Arab in Japan?
Arab League had extremely tough words for Israel.
Even the international media reported on the conference.
What will be the role of the Internet in Russia in the future?
A list is provided below
It is, apparently a somewhat less than perfect system...
For the right to give their own meaning to their own bodies.
They gave me some food and sent us to a room.
After all we live in a big prison.
She has to have at least one car herself.
A new era starts now.
People live on their own.
Why the apparent lack of collaboration among those different initiatives?
Numerous posts published about the incident by news websites on social network pages received thousands of angry comments
for a Democratic Nepal reports that
There will be a criminal investigation, I will make sure of it.
What are the Panama Papers?
And i think campaigns in support of this Bill, should put this out there
To explore the Africa of here and now.
It is our goal that everyone who wants to speak can be heard.
During a recent phone call, the younger Francisco explained to his father how money and support was coming in.
What are users doing to protect their rights?
But we are afraid to admit that this problem exists.
There were Russian cyber attacks on Georgian web sites.
The Russian blogosphere, however, brings up new examples every month.
The Cuban people need freedom.
There are those who will defend this action as a humanitarian action.
He thinks that as a citizen of the democratic country his vote has a big importance.
For me and my family, the only crime that we are suspect of, is simply existing
Who destroyed, the indian or the white man.
We know that many web sites have been blocked by Iran Regime, which is similar to China.
The man had spoken only once.
Many of these young speakers are growing up having never known a world without the Internet and mobile phones.
until then no one will touch you.
The rest, it could be said, is digital love.
The Media Is the Message
Photographs should be taken in Morocco and can be submitted by email.
All of the men in her family, including her husband, have gone to Russia to look for work.
The point is that it should stop being about money.
What is so strange with it?
That is for a separate forum.
I also report on positive news related to Old San Juan.
But, that would not work at all.
however, they must now be tried by an administrative judge in Mexico City for a federal crime.
His post was shared and supported by thousands of netizens.
The square was soon surrounded by the riot police
The story was inspired by true events.
all of these are established.
She tells me that Ramadan makes her long for home.
The most popular of these protests has been the Occupy Wall Street protests in the US.
What happens when the investigations turn to the schools?
The conversation will go on.
Are there other channels of communication, meetings?
This has not been the case in Iran.
Online campaigning is not new.
You have interviewed several bloggers in Iran.
they want a new round of elections.
I am none of that.
Education is our basic right.
It is important for people to realize that reading is important to be able to move forward.
To all taxi drivers that follow me
How else should immigrants be able to identify with Germany?
But it does not last.
If they know why they are there, they would have the strength to face their fear.
Why do few Africans communicate on social media using local languages?
Do you seriously think we are a State and a people and a nation?
A GV translation on the attack is here.
And so it took off...
From next week she is hoping the regular school will start.
because I now live here?
But they are only a beginning.
I cannot say anything bad about the police officers in the police station where I was detained.
We will be paying attention to the developments to find out.
But I would like to make a few things clear.
All to avoid civil unrest due to industrial action, not human rights....
when would China produce its first indigenous Nobel Prize winner?
In fact, it was more than enough.
According to Reporters Without Borders
This is what you know?
it seems his posts played a role in his jail sentence.
And on top of all that they link back to my Global Voices Iraq section
They can price their products at any level because there is no competition.
Within a few hours, the streets started to come alive again.
Nobody can stop the technology.
If this exists everything else will calm down.
Criticism from within Israel Heavy criticism about the operation came from within Israel.
The organizers believe in a bigger number
Alexander also highlighted what he saw as another problem with the legislation
The government should take action.
To implement digital TV we have to choose between the three available standards
I have a feeling that..
And finally, about my life.
We all have a story, speak out
I thought a fight had broken out.
And look at the president as well.
However, two videos have been uploaded in youtube showing the street fight between protesters and police.
Please share it with many others.
The students had gone on hunger strike for several days.
Let us be honest with ourselves
Bush is better man than you
They attacked us without any notice.
First the war in Iraq
If we want respect from ourselves or others, we will have to earn it.
Were you in the army?
Tension between the two then continued on Twitter.
It can be a bad movie but still have something interesting to say.
There are several listed demands
This was the first public appearance of the former prime minister since his resignation in March.
They are already taking too many risks as it is.
I saw several young girls in the crowd before I was taken out.
Proud that they are our brothers and very proud of our Puerto Rican team.
a strong agreement for climate action.
The campaign to raise money to create the station had a large presence on the Internet for several months.
How about that which we cannot see?
Please immediately cut the show and issue a formal apology.
The story of Zimbabwe in photos  Global Voices Zimbabwe elections in pictures
Those leaving comments on the post think it unlikely.
The military has begun taking international news channels off air.
I have it with me, right here.
That is difficult to know.
I gave some request to some NGOs but did not receive response.
The police say they then took him to the hospital for treatment, but he later died.
We invited our readers to do the same.
See program in English and German.
In the case of female prisoners specifically, it is even worse
And in theory, you should be able to vote at any voting location within the same district, correct?
Here are four many more.
More news to keep track of and it all moves so fast.
rural and urban listening to the station daily.
Strike Across Southern Europe  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Europe in Crisis.
Last February I received threats.
He then dropped out the university and started his own publishing business.
This is China, the giant of the future.
All we want in this region is peace and security.
The final results are not yet in...
But food also has its politics.
And the issue focuses on power.
Another Facebook user commented on the public page of the Afghan president
The message is spreading in both Brazilian and international blogosphere.
collect different opinions about the bill before it is present in the parliament.
If you are kept in a room with nothing to do but to listen to your own thoughts.
However, more needs to be done and soon.
This is going to end up as such a HUGE disaster, I can feel it
Philippines Next to Thailand, the Philippines suffered the most from flooding.
A number of attacks were organised by male candidates, election observers noted.
The same person cannot be elected twice.
There is also a petition which can be signed online here.
Much of the violence is tied to gang activity.
how can do such an act to such innocent people...
We came to the conclusion that there are four values that we all can agree on
We just do not know, neither did we feel the need for it.
But anyone who wants to make money in the mainland of China must respect the nation.
But people started to talk with me and asking things about my photos...
A Moroccan in Washington posts a picture sent to him by a first.
You think there must be an accident.
One Ghana, One Voice interviews him about his work.
Please see the discussion on the Talk page.
I believe that there is no better candidate for president than at the moment.
The boys insisted that the video would be devoted to a particular event only.
We want to preserve our cultural identity as an agricultural and traditional community.
And it was a final warning.
Every situation is different, every fate is unique, but.
You have been in Saudi Arabia, too.
Where is the Commission ? And where are the good young men?
More than a week later, neither has happened.
What do these people do?
December Good and Bad Information.
You can see the results here.
he denied this, but said he did touch her lower back.
This was as a result of the Election Petition Case before the Supreme Court of the country.
One tweet at a time.
ten years in prison is no joke.
Learn not only through books but through experience.
The police allowed the reporters through after the radio station spoke on the air about the incident.
That leaves it to the Egyptian population to take action.
Can anyone be a journalist?
The answers are not simple.
neither did I get the chance to continue my studies.
As a woman, she should know better.
so trying to find a job?
Now comes a period of wait and watch.
They also provide hope for a better future despite all difficulties we face here.
Our job is not easy.
I can see one and only reason for your decision
However, we can still find some interesting posts from here and there.
It also highlights the continuing importance of ICT application and development for economic growth.
In India, it reduced this number to just five.
If it effects you directly, then go ahead and be angry about it.
I do not know what to say about it.
I thought they are writing in a professional way in their blogs about movies.
She raises a simple question
The problem is that sometimes Google makes moves that are pretty hard to understand.
It continued for another five to ten minutes and then I was sure of it.
In a statement, she also adds
They took her away from her husband and children.
A New Year Begins  Global Voices Yesterday, marked the first day of spring and the Iranian New Year.
There are some new features coming.
It is a moral declaration, which you do not hear these days.
You can read the first post here and the second here.
I sit and wait for the transfer.
We talk for hours about everything and nothing.
And there seems to be very little we can do to stop it.
Or buy products at much lower prices and sell them for a little higher, but little lower price.
Who knows what would have happened otherwise.
The UN took another week to send this force.
What used to be the race to become President in the past decade is now much different.
It changes the answers on when to do what at the site.
This is not a dialogue, this is the king trying to put up a show.
Myanmar netizens expressed support to the decision made by the government.
They were totally run cold.
But I love this land and love the people in this land.
What he says provides enough of a basis for discussion.
It might even change the course of the future of their children.
Dictator leave the country Canada
had been seen to leave.
Some on the comments on Twitter were as follows
Long live the farmers, long live all women
The campaign is having wide support across Jordanian platforms.
Now they go to a high school that is two miles away.
No Justice  Global Voices United We Blog
on the national flag in Nepal.
The verdict came three hours later.
Global Chaos, another Armenian blog, also does the same.
For some reason, I feel sorry for him...
Let say enough is enough.
As the children in the video state in so many words
They just gave it to me
No one on our side will be hurt.
Please let us know what you think.
Protest for quality transportation is a crime?
There are also personal reasons.
All of those who wanted to watch the video have already watched it.
Or from the middle and below.
What is the national strategy on which the training will be based?
Some Filipino bloggers have started asking more questions.
So what was the deal with the female high school student?
What else do we expect from him?
The Council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the Church.
I can only imagine what she is going through.
She is on a bus.
People ask if I think I will have changed from this experience.
Racism in Latin America  Global Voices Most of the YouTube comments condemn what happened
But will the power go to the people who need it most?
People already know this much about the story.
Used with their permission GV
and many state organizations are becoming to be under their control.
Interesting use of Twitter for raising awareness of importance of financial sanctions against Ukraine
For a change a film award ceremony was held outside the country.
Not because of the generated cash, but the good cause.
New parents everywhere face a common problem
The blogger also posts the news report video.
He is friendly to this world and everyone in it.
The silence at the end of it all.
Several of the prisoners who began their hunger strike earlier are now at risk of dying.
Up with freedom of speech
how many more will we add to the list?
these guys are hard workers
We are helping them to improve their potential.
Image provided by the family for distribution.
Chinese should strike for better.
When did you release the first version of Access Flickr?
we are what we speak.
Your letter may make a difference.
Does Real Change Lie Ahead?
Let them keep their silence, say nothing and do nothing.
Below is a selection of some of the more inspired work.
He then describes the situation in Saudi Arabia
Putin and Putin tomorrow Thailand
Do you have some free time?
It is wrong for a government to abuse its citizens so.
there is nothing to believe for his life, including his own country.
We have been stuck in Cairo airport for nearly a day now.
What are you doing in Egypt and why and when did you start blogging?
These figures are the highest in India.
An investigation is also need to be done on the role of police.
Among other things, they wrote
I doubt that this will happen.
She does not speak English.
Not many people showed up at the protests
What were the main challenges in covering the protests?
I think the future now needs to shift into more personal issues.
The blog for a while became a part of my daily life.
However, I have to admit that it has given me a lot.
Here is the video for the entire poem
National Action Plans have a weak record in Afghanistan in terms of enforcement.
Despite criticism from outside Japan, the issue does not get much attention inside the country.
But they showed us how to make it.
These people are just like us.
Does not say so on your very public profile.
We will continue posting updates on our social media channels.
Why not let a few of them share the work?
Other times we celebrate that same system.
looked me in the eyes and asked
Why an ad network for bloggers?
The same thing happened when religious sectors cited Paul to justify discrimination against women.
Israel and Hamas exchange threats over Twitter.
The Vice President had called and asked if he could see the Secretary at his home.
These trends also extend to the Internet.
You Could Be an Extremist
Poster explaining how power banks will help the flood victims.
Or was Navalny simply out of line?
Someone made a complaint, they are looking into it.
No one was afraid of attacking Mubarak in public any more.
it merely reflects where we are as a people.
We just have a few days to raise as much as we possibly can.
Having no other choice, and acting against the law, came the Canadian police plane with the Canadian police.
He thinks it is very positive that bloggers are joining hands to blog.
About his role in popular education, he said
Where will this child go?
In the end, this is not a film about the Egyptian revolution.
Three in the front including the driver.
Or if you would like to show your face, also.
I explained the duty of Muslims.
My vote goes to the women.
They were released after the police took their statements.
The police kept his location secret for about a week.
Which literary blogs do you read regularly?
Show the world that you are committed to peace and a better way of life...
He was happy to live in his country in peace.
The phone connection was very bad.
It gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air.
Photo used with permission by subject.
He went to the front door and opened it and looked in.
Maybe the fundamental question is how it came to this.
Get out in the street, go to the Senate.
They have not come up with a clear proposal either.
GRAPHIC PHOTOGRAPHS IN THIS POST El Salvador
Lanka Rising posts a critical analysis of the results of the election.
Originally posted at Caribbean Free Radio.
The independence of journalists has been an issue for a long while now.
That today more than ever
He wrote and questioned actions of the government and government cannot take it.
This is the very day Japanese spirit was shown.
There are two rules to our existence.
Mainstream media journalists soon started tweeting images
The opposite is also true
And this was not first time that they had done so.
Photo from See Syria Blog.
Or is there a role to play?
These prompted the mainstream media to bring this issue alive.
Independence without freedom is what we are given.
The reason for this editorial control makes a lot of sense.
It is my opinion that Syria is on the right side in this.
Several have published photos of him before and after the arrest.
and the Internet can be used as a portal to that access.
We accept any and all interested people as volunteers.
It is not the work of the police to take the law into their own hands.
freedom of speech and freedom of assembly.
Another similar scandal came up recently.
If the elections were held today, he would lose.
Conflicts can also help influence decisions.
Why did you choose to end the demonstration in front of the French Embassy?
I mean, I never really see this kind of things like this before.
Go for a holiday there and talk to local people there.
When I was your MP I performed and delivered those services that you required.
When the test results returned, I was told to see the social worker.
to comment on Indian democracy and what lessons it holds for Nepal.
What do you think are the causes?
We read the play, but decided that the ideas had to come from the children.
He was good enough to also post some pictures of the event.
So I like it very much.
On their Facebook page, people leave positive remarks and even requests to join the group
Today is Freedom Day in South Africa.
we have it all and the others have none of it ...
Personally, I am in good condition so far.
Could you explain to us the reasons for this ceremony?
Something else will come up in no time.
it just means, in the latest style.
Seven million people ride the train into Mumbai daily.
This is the fight to save the country from injustice.
More critical comments blamed the government for the nuclear crisis
This university changed my way of thinking, and now I feel very committed to Bolivia.
We need more years of democracy so we can learn some democratic values and principles.
Opposition politics in Russia have become less about political figures or parties, and more about grassroots issues
A man who became the public face of a movement.
From Mobile phone services, to water, electricity, and police services, we are here to raise the standard.
Your turn may be not very far away.
This plays into a long history of Israeli propaganda that presents Palestinians as everything but Palestinians
They gave me two documents to pick from.
How can India be racist?
What languages do they speak there?
Finally, I would like to thank Sarah for her great help and effort.
The contract was given to company with direct ties to the ruling party.
And I want everyone to feel it.
What are the costs to cover people who will eventually have no health plans?
One of the posts is a defense against complaints and accusations by various readers
You may not publish or post threats of violence against others or promote violence against others.
His concerns stop short of opposing the intervention
Now it has become a common disease.
Many bloggers have wondered what would they do.
No action was taken against those who started, promoted or participated in such campaigns.
Without them, the history would be written by same those who killed the man.
Protecting People or Bombing Hospitals?
This time, we need to go down to the streets and vote
Many have blamed fundamental differences in identity.
These organizations recognize that the best tool to promote transparency and accountability is the one citizens will use.
And people around the world.
Public figures across the country got deeply involved in the project, urging the society to start reading.
At the beginning, we had a business model in mind.
The answer to both questions is immediately obvious.
Also, other related hashtags about the case appeared on Twitter.
Because, basically, they all deserve to be jailed.
Will political detainees be released?
We say their names every night.
I noticed that there were a lot of older women and soldiers who came early to cast their vote.
I went to a small mosque and from there they took us to an abandoned house.
This is and has always been in line with our mission of bringing people together.
At first, I wrote about it.
Whom can I call or write to about this?
Her story is well known but deserves telling again and again.
And the joke takes a life of its own, when others join in
No people who can do better than him?
Blogs and sites reported about this crime while official news sites almost ignore it.
The verdict was delivered in public, while the identity of the victims was protected.
They are treated worse than animals.
Several prominent civil society activists, NGOs and artists will be participating.
But the fear disappeared over time.
She ends with a few questions for the Mexican citizens
Do you get threats through the Internet?
were in the back room listening to the debate on the radio when the committee vote was moved.
Out of many factors which might be cited, five are most important
Now, it hardly seems to be the case.
your whole family is dead.
Also the food, the way of seeing things, and that very forward way of being.
We now know what the station will try to do to save itself
The strength comes from the love that I feel for him.
I want us, women, to talk today.
Everything was easy to read
The two things I most liked about this year
They accused me of being Algerian
But we will be left with the legacy.
Teachers should also lead by example and getting the best from their students.
Become the President of Pakistan.
Thank to everyone for participating.
I was the only one from Dhaka.
Many of his songs are intense and beautiful.
So far, the place cards have been addressed to a wide range of ideas and people.
But until then, they also know how to spread awareness about all the good in their lives as well.
We act according to our times.
He is creating viral art.
It was the first time that an entire draft budget was published at once.
This is the area we control, Southern Cairo.
I of course did not believe him and insisted on calling my father She notes
Despite all these difficulties, I finished school and then I went to complete my military service.
Made in Brazil explains why.
You kill a terrorist and you have another terrorist.
It would seem so to me.
I hold the Egyptian army and police total responsibility of his safety.
Dozens of protesters have been arrested and jailed during this time, often without charges.
The campaign for justice became that more critical because of my participation in our judicial process
Good News for Latin America?
Everyone knows what the result of that was.
And Syrians are back to the streets to claim their country and revolution back.
Long live the civil society
The Petition can be found here.
Look how especially girls are dressed up.
These examples point to the limits of electoral politics and political solutions.
How is the election affecting them?
We are up against the largest machine of hate.
So what on Earth has happened to the climate?
What were the biggest challenges you faced writing this book and doing your research?
There are things that are not well reported in the news, feelings
First we have to accept reality
Again and again, with each news broadcast...
This is because the war is real, and information about it is false.
Why do people want to destroy my mother?
All of this information places authorities in a difficult situation.
So broad, in fact, that the term may be starting to lose whatever meaning it once had.
This is what is being done for all these years.
The Russian people have yet to.
This is a terrible figure.
Check a video report of the story.
For now I leave you with one name
What Are We Willing to Give Up?
State Security following you on Twitter?
This is a normal process that government comes and goes.
For sure, it has huge potential.
Are your activities limited to Moscow?
I would have wanted it.
What lessons do you take from this, and how?
Finally, it looked like a whole new generation understood that they have to stand up for their rights.
A while ago I started to read a group of blogs and comment on their posts.
something is happening in the NGO environment.
In the end, the match finished in a victory for Ecuador.
and I do not feel like writing, so excuse me.
Why Are The Doors So Big?
Anyone associated with western funding is now considered an enemy.
Independent media, human rights groups, the opposition, international media and international groups are asking for an independent investigation.
If however they ban this blog again, I will take the matter to the court.
It seems in recent times that several Afghan journalists have come under a lot of pressure.
So what actually should be done?
The opposition rejected the results and international observers said the election fell short of international standards.
And the reason this could happen is clear
On social media, both individuals and organisations paid tribute to the community.
When did it become a way to understand the country.
I hope they allow the international organization to help these people.
Do not forget this possibility.
In covering this story, they ended up becoming a part of the team.
Two weeks ago I used a computer for the first time.
This is, of course, not a personal presence, but with frequent communication you stop feeling it.
Global Voices Is there a future for young people in the Democratic Republic of Congo?
It is to keep the whole public safe.
Will he publicly condemn the murder and say that actually doing it is not what he meant?
They focused mostly on the Internet topics.
Global Voices Latest information about presidential results in Zimbabwe
He wrote several posts throughout the week on the matter, but at the end, he concluded with obvious relief
And from the looks of it, this will continue to be the case.
Used following a Creative Commons License
The two countries are accusing each other of starting the fight.
It has become a world of its own in a very short time.
He has since been released and placed under house arrest.
A concrete example is to write to the prisoners
Is Russia an Enemy of Internet?
Or is it one more attempt to divide the Lebanese?
Yet still, some Ugandan women have come online.
The camp proper is another matter.
Watch a photo of this event here.
The first half is over.
I met with Government officials there.
Three of her friends disappeared five days ago, she revealed.
What other blogs do you read?
The details of this particular case have not been released to the public.
The post then turned the entire issue on its head
For more information, please review the following resources
Who are your favorite authors?
They cannot be blamed really.
I am not breaking down and I will not give in no matter how long it takes...
Why did you become a blogger?
I was getting tweets from the injured.
Watch the results in this video
Those who support the war will not receive my vote.
Global Voices Using the dead to win votes
It was in the press.
An Iran based blogger, talks about religious aspect of this decision in his blog.
this is politics, not child protection.
The truth of the matter is that English does not make us international.
It is up to the Assembly to take action against them.
Every day a new magazine a paper coming to Press society.
In the end, the agreement did not work out after a trial run, and no contract was signed.
Now he is in prison.
Similar debates have been going on among activists for months.
The Internet quickly flooded with shocked comments and calls to actions.
I was in one school recently.
These are a few examples
His website is in English.
This is a world war and not just some rain.
Organizers helped direct and control the crowd.
Visit the blog to see the video in English.
There may be various reasons for this
So I stayed very quiet.
LJ considers this abuse and has attempted to block this service.
We have to understand that the world around us is changing.
Technology events in Africa  Global Voices A list of technology events taking place in Africa from White Africa
This is an absolute record.
Do you think the Nigerian press is free?
The reporter himself responded to the attacks
A number of people, including police and journalists, have been hurt during the protests.
We could also investigate about how college students use the Internet.
wait for the videos which show this corrupt regime.
He may be interested in another woman, or just like being with the boys.
A grassroots opposition movement does exist.
Does that make me a bad Japanese?
she came from Moscow to visit friends.
We believe and fight to not be.
We have no means of knowing what is happening in Gaza.
Thanks to everyone who contributed, you know who you are...
Dress was a prominent subject amongst Moroccan bloggers over the weekend as well.
Women are facing many problems including violence against women rape, domestic violence, human trafficking poverty, and discrimination.
Three thousand of us came out.
But there is good news...
It really does feel different the expression that described the difference best
How were the reactions to your report?
Why does discussion on history have to be stopped?
However, the great finding soon fell under numerous questions.
The more they bomb, the more determined I am to stay.
She told him not to return to Iran if he thought there might be a problem.
As that changes, we should see further movement in Beijing.
Is it true or not?
So far, I have only known how to care for and hold weapons.
We need to strike a balance.
What is the National Assembly waiting for to take the matter up and inform the public?
It will certainly make a whole in the money making business of visa runs.
The funny thing about all this is our general attitude to it.
Because my health depends on it.
The animals could not suffer more from such destruction of nature.
Maybe some of your friends and colleagues have experienced similar things.
We asked them why they came.
Protesters are demanding that students still alive be returned to their homes.
Watch out for the next episode...
The numbers are very bad news for the president.
This could not be further from reality.
This is the true nature of American people.
To me, that should count as progress.
In this way we can provide energy to every region, district, village, and home.
Left Where is my journalist sister?
The issue is being discussed by Twitter users , citizen media and in general by various media outlets.
This week he brings us photos.
That would be a truly independent move.
The site gives users a more complete picture of what we do and how we work.
there used to be a fourth, but Cameroon has banned mobile Twitter as they go towards elections.
Very sad to realize this...
The truth should come out soon.
And the new government is formed...
I was scared to come to the world of internet and blogging...
Hear his views on various subjects here.
According to the event page
What is the current public attitude towards blogging in Zambia?
A group of dedicated bloggers fought back against this censorship.
His younger sister leads an entirely different life, because she did.
I am an Egyptian citizen. someone normal in society.
The whole letter in English and in Hungarian is available in this post.
Global Voices has ongoing special coverage of Syrian citizen media.
Will this generation be running a new, more democratic and open Hong Kong in the future?
But if many people start using their real names and faces...
May Day in Moscow  Global Voices Russia Blog reports on the May Day demonstrations in Moscow
Our time to offer a new direction for the country we love.
The subjects were and still are diverse
The blog has published names of people who have been arrested.
For less than three weeks of work.
It got me real sick.
May your fast be full of all that you need it to be.
And this was all never telling me what was the problem.
I had to leave Israel only for showing my love and support to my country and its people
The protest blocked the traffic.
People are invited to send following letter to Google
The translation of news and reports by volunteers plays a vital role in this alternative information flow.
Shame on you Lebanese Parliament.
May you get the democracy you fight for
Bad work, the Central Elections Commission
Generation Y, along with other Cuban bloggers, are doing what they can to help Haiti.
we must not get our hands dirty as we clean up.
I read a lot of Canadian literature which has served me well.
Many of them came from users of other Latin American countries, who also shared their position on this topic.
The opposition parties took up the issue in parliament and organizations took out rallies in different cities.
What does the agreement that the National Assembly just approved establish?
How do we handle this?
This program allows me to create my own major.
She says she likes hosting students so her children can make friends with older kids.
No electricity here since yesterday.
that he, too, feels the pain of his fellow Iraqis.
Below are two of the many comments
Sex education will be introduced in schools as well.
As the number one in the industry, should set an example.
It might take me a day or two to get back to you, but I will.
The text in the picture above reads
So why is there this ban on the people of Bangladesh?
after marriage, you need to support three families.
Well, they could afford it in Poland.
She also discusses why the voices of South Sudanese journalists are not heard
What will you do when you return home?
how can they do it?
The popular among them include
I had a few mixed answers.
And are the Arabs that have responded living in the Middle East or in the diaspora?
You can only get out of it what you bring into it.
He is one of the most wonderful young men that I have met.
We are a country divided in equal parts and we must learn to look to the other side.
And some of the articles need to be short.
he criticized the arrests of other online journalists.
When I left, things were different.
Here is an article I wrote soon after the meeting.
It was yet another old house but not quite the ordinary one.
Little did I know some stuff about Ethiopia is blocked.
Below are just some of the most typical reactions, in English and some other languages...
Were kept in the dark in the past?
What languages do you speak?
All we have to do is condemn . Let it be.
All we have is unity.
Censorship has been on the rise in Palestine in recent weeks.
Was this the decision of a machine?
It is their only source of funds.
Asking this question is related to having social and historical awareness.
Moving Back to Jamaica comments
And we knew nothing when we came.
World leaders urge us to take action on things all the time, and we ignore them.
There are a lot of projects out there, but many are just not visible.
It is like a disease.
She was a student of class five.
The long road to freedom is one where you need friends
Its nothing to do with equality.
The application portal is available in English, French and Portuguese and applications will be accepted in these three languages.
You fell down in front of the house, and I carried you in.
They had a list of five demands that they intended to read on air
Here are some top lies in Uganda
I proposed meaning that my mother called her mother as we do in Bahrain on New Years Day.
This is what Israel is saying
Do we have to carry out public projects and build more roads?
You guys still live in the past?
Both sides justify death on one of the sides, every one with a different excuse.
He writes on his blog about the conference
There was no room for my mother.
How is it to be a black woman and a police officer in Spain?
The cost is what they face already
The more we hear you on the TV the more deeply sad we feel.
I love seeing these photos...
How can so much injustice come from just one man?
The players are used to it, and so are the fans.
We have several patients together.
What does that tell about a country?
How are you going ahead with the project?
I fell in love with him but since I was a young girl, I could not tell him.
Do you think citizen media can fill the gap?
Apparently, at least one couple has met and married because of these
She died the weekend before the floods.
Just want to share this to those who wanted to help too...
But you too on Twitter?
They work hard to provide for their families.
For a recent print edition of the human rights magazine Torture
Actually, today I was also thinking
Remember to always have hope and to believe...
What shall we then say to these things?
Nobody asked me, and nobody needed to know.
This is our cause, all of us, men and women of Morocco, so be there
Difficult for us to part.
That is also something that we do with them
Commenting on her own blog post on Twitter, she added
This allows coming to a conclusion that Kyrgyzstan is far from democracy yet.
Because of its wealth of experience, the Organization for European Economic Cooperation could help with the initial studies needed.
Happy new year, and please keep reading
The solution was not simple, though.
However, experience with these types of projects shows the following
Photo from the State House Facebook page.
It is difficult to find statistics on the number of children living in this kind of family.
Iranian affairs are not the only issues that Iranian bloggers talk about.
Is there international airport in Zimbabwe?
It was a message of peace in the South Caucasus.
He was also a crazy sports fan and I thought that was pretty cool too.
That is in a way the story of my life.
One way is making others aware that these methods are not the way to nation building.
I forget how I brought it up, but he started telling me about his experience in the earthquake.
It was most unlikely that she would be firm.
Related articles on Global Voices
The drug is a serious problem.
The bridge will connect two parts of the city and allegedly help the traffic.
She also had this to say
And he called them war criminals.
We met first through Facebook.
The whole scene was caught on video
But it does not, as it claims, demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods.
In my opinion, they are fair game for all Arabs, and there is nothing wrong with...
I will update more when time and electricity allow.
What people are afraid of
I do not question why people enjoyed themselves in a water fight.
The game resulted in a draw.
The story was originally published here.
And, in closing, with joy in my heart, I announce
Inside my apartment I stood still and did not open the door.
in their own ways which I am unable to understand.
But I have to survive.
Arab male or female, let them be.
For Syrians, there is an additional advantage
Whether by hand, or by industrial machine?
He also placed blame on local officials for not moving fast enough.
Very, very sad that we as a generation have lost you.
About this act in particular
Is public education in this American democracy of such importance that no child should be denied public education??
I am proud to continue to serve this country, this time from the Supreme Court.
This means that all that they want will be there.
What do the messages say?
How would you explain this trend?
New York City and Mexico.
And you might hate yourself for thinking that way.
Why do we still have crime?
The attack reportedly aimed to free a group of Taliban prisoners standing trial.
But as previously mentioned, it does not cover online communication at all.
Something that is likely to continue in the years to come.
Image by the author, used with permission.
Many girls in rural areas were not allowed to study.
any other material we look up on Google.
I read a few posts and liked them.
It is about time someone takes some action for their favor.
Despite what she thought, the birth was a disaster.
Today we would not be in this situation if the proposal of the Legal Committee were not controversial.
Will she bring a new approach and will she play her part as guardian of the Constitution?
Listen to the audio podcast of the debate.
And now it seems to be the time when it will happen in the end.
We are voting either for or against the constitution.
The universities blocked are open for students to attend.
Well, after they get paid
Speaking for the Party Or the people?
The biggest Internet companies, which already have representatives in Russia, tend to sort out these matters for themselves.
It has helped me in the sense that I have learned the responsibility of having a blog.
Better is the next step after that...
So what have we learned from this story.
More images can be found thanks to Twitter users
Also, they can speak directly by using local languages that may not be common on the internet.
Here are some of their most recent posts
Civil society has also begun to move its transparency and accountability efforts online.
Who won the elections in El Salvador?
What I have seen so far is a group of very dedicated people seeking change.
The number of victims increased.
Do they play soccer football?
Those who believe in him are afraid.
How stupid are the Americans and Israelis though?
It is hard to believe it is almost Christmas.
Maybe what we need now are new elections.
I felt I was a part of this family.
Been waiting for months to see you guys live.
The reporter who happens to be a man asked her
Your right to appeal is a joke.
And they have never changed.
Let us see how the Livejournal users in Kazakhstan reacted on the day when the news broke.
Otherwise it is not fair.
The significance of college name value for social success is also not just a Korean problem.
But we have something to think about.
And got paid for it.
This act was caught on video and quickly went viral.
The original message was in Arabic and she translated to English
What was the most powerful wave?
A student is detained by military police in So Paulo.
We have started a new year with good news.
Fighting with Western influence or restrictions on YouTube will not help the authorities.
The next day he posts the truth
Chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting.
In order for the people to care, they have to know.
This has really opened my eyes.
Screenshot from YouTube video posted by the Arab Center for Research and Policy Studies.
On Twitter, Adam shares this picture from the demonstration
During the evening, I was sure there would be an operation.
Without being a scientific secular nation, no nation can be a modern state.
Did you notice anything out of the way??
There are no visible results
Before we get there, we should take some time, look at ourselves and ask the questions
Even now its supply is very low.
So much for all that.
Is it just me or do you also think of music every time something good happens in your life.
The roads are constantly blocked and the police keep telling us to take a different route.
In your opinion will the role of the Internet grow, in terms of participation, during the upcoming elections?
Many people have reported that the day feels like a Sunday or a holiday.
What will be the fate of the bloggers?
After all, the people elected are all the same.
I would like to ask you about your point of view regarding comments and opinions?
It is also a first step towards a more comprehensive national policy which aims to reduce violence.
He offered an interesting notion on human rights situation in Cambodia by saying
Live broadcasting in both text and video here.
People tried to forget and move on.
How do you do that?
Wednesday World Blog Roundup  Global Voices Middle East
Inside it are people from my country, where I was born and raised.
This is a humanitarian protest..
It looks like we broke one of the record numbers.
Only one who has done evil will run away at a time like this.
Recognition of homosexuality in Sudan.
As are all urban centers in Yemen.
Tomorrow, history will be made.
I support Turkey and boycott America and Israel.
The government has as usual responded with promises and accusations.
My biggest concern though is about female bloggers.
Basically what it means is this
In particular, he comments on whom the legislation targets and affects
Who would have ever thought that I will be posting political criticism here?
Beijing students forced out for Olympics?
The New Year is just around the corner.
The more people are part of this global conversation, the better.
Information about the Summit can be found at
They do not exist for the majority, regardless of whether they are bad or good.
Of course those who have developed more will find them easier.
School and hospital protests were organized in the past two days.
In this letter he Iranian President shows again that he talks with people.
Many thanks to the Bangladesh army rescue team for their efforts.
This does not happen that often, especially with representatives of Armenia and Azerbaijan.
We felt that we might never see each other again.
The video has been removed but discussions carry on.
The profile of the blogger reads
According to the official Twitter account of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
In a series of tweets, he says
The situation is very grave.
It getting worse and worse.
The protest continued into the night.
I think we balance each other out well in terms of our approach to the blog.
The idea is not new.
In general, it is a unique case
the courts and public opinion?
I need to be able to explain it to my friends who are asking why we did it.
They write about the project, in typical Malaysian English, here.
Three locals have been detained in the murder case.
Say thank you to the Ukrainian girls.
And what does India have to take from and give to Wikipedia?
Twitter users posted pictures and their opinions
Read the full report here.
I want you to think about that for a moment.
All these people had gone to watch the World Cup final taking place in South Africa.
Maybe with internal police organizations, presence in the media, more people of color in the police force?
What does it mean for you?
Read the blog post and the numerous comments on it here.
Plus all mobile shops were closed due to the unrest.
A missed opportunity to do more to help this country move forward.
What Every Writer Should Know...
Please hit the comments section under this post and share them.
But those efforts have not made a visible impact.
I have a lot of responsibility.
One technical question of school organization comes to mind here.
In the United States, for example, we are not facing this issue.
I do not miss the harassment and cold looks.
In the West, we value clear writing and transparency.
The Facebook group quickly produced an advocacy video to raise public concern
When you know the media is watching, it is more difficult to do something wrong.
But instead of one person there are now hundreds.
But I also remember the good parts of the past.
The next day we were back at it again, and the day after.
His arrest prompted a campaign for his release.
Do you consider your blog a literary work in itself?
But, what about the opposition?
It made him a little sick, and he let go of her.
Fill a district with riot police the day before May Day.
Here are some of the specific tweets the post cited
In her blog she writes
Football is the order of the day.
without faith I would have never joined.
I want to go down in the history of the blogging movement.
Their summer has been taken away.
The moment of truth has come.
a wife, a daughter, and a son.
By the time he obtained his visa, he writes, he felt
It might also take a turn for the worse during the next European parliamentary and municipal elections.
So then, what is the role of the opposition?
The text of the commercial therefore read
How to understand all this?
Did you think to be honest with yourself once to understand the truth?
The biggest issue we face in abuse cases is efforts to cover them up.
We are not sure we will stay here.
On his Facebook wall, various types of comments can be observed
What means did you use for this coverage?
They are children who are pulled to cross the border by themselves.
and attempts to bring the issue of mining back to the public discussion with a post on the subject.
So far no deaths reported.
That is one of reasons I accepted to join to Global Voices Community.
On President Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe
There is also a page on Facebook called Boycott Wednesday
I know that this is going to happen in the next few days.
But after four years it failed to write a constitution, and the country has been in political crisis since.
He had a feeling that the girl meant trouble.
When and how did it start?
The blog talks of a revolutionary parliament.
they control because they are afraid that federal authorities will read something bad about themselves.
This was the week that the African blogosphere and its friends made their voices known to the world.
How did things get so bad so quickly?
They try to keep within the speed limits.
Thousands of Egyptian soldiers were killed in the war.
Check also his website for the links to his Flickr and YouTube sites.
To what benefit do we do that?
And he only seems to care about the ones who voted for him.
I will continue the hunger strike until I am allowed in to Bahrain to see my father.
Hundreds of thousands of people sign up.
I want to go to school, play and be happy.
It is also one of the first state medical institutions to use social media.
The decision is very hard.
I hear Arabic, English, French, and Italian.
The blocked websites are critical of his administration.
WHO runs our elected government???
Love is a greater answer than hate.
Was the poll on the council or on the religion or what?
If so, you are of the old school.
Did you know that I used to be normal?
They were taken to the nearby police station were they were denied lawyers, or any visitors.
Check out the first post
For Kim, it pushed her to get to work on opening Doing.
At one time I had thought of becoming a journalist.
But the promise has to be made.
Photo by the United Nations.
The situation is getting from bad to worse
The blogosphere also allows us to be something that had been banned
This is the only way we can improve our country.
The image of the day.
It never has been, and it never will be.
A post from October reads
See a video of this fire
However, many were disappointed with the agreement and that it did not bring the expected results.
This is the first time the concept of a mobile journalist has been introduced in Africa.
And in the future, I hope I can do more to help my wounded country.
Given the response, life continues and they go to play.
Below is a citizen video showing the protest scene
What did you cover when you were a radio journalist?
A discussion about what we need in blogging tools and new uses for the tools we already have.
When the wind comes before the rain, and China is facing a storm.
to pass the document into law.
I lost my husband to the hands of injustice.
Writing comes natural to me.
The response was positive to a very large extent.
People dressed in yellow and green.
The six members of the projects face up to seven years of jail.
I write what I should highlight to create awareness.
He introduces his analysis by stating that
What else should happen for us to wake up?
But after starting a family in the US, she never returned to Venezuela.
But there is still a long way to go before they are able to guarantee their fundamental rights.
From there, over land all along the Pacific coast to Peru and Chile.
From the East Coast News Watch Blog...
Read more here and here.
Today, I and many in Kenya have become familiar with newspaper headlines that read
They were silent for a few moments.
I ask myself, if I did, what would happen?
The failure of the platform is not a minor issue.
Now is a time when all forms of resistance are legitimate.
Twitter seems to be divided on this issue.
There were many demonstrations, in favor and against, across social media and the press.
Throughout the years since then, we remained in touch.
However, now that it was out in the open, progressive sectors of the Brazil internet really liked the idea.
Please respond to the whole nation, Shanghai
and take care of ME
Obviously, the message was to stop the protests and the current petition to change the Energy Law.
There was a man here in town.
This latest incident follows a series of other developments we have been monitoring in the past.
I said I would agree, if he promised to release my son.
I am black, poor, a worker and I proved that
No one wants censorship on the internet.
Safety and Security for all...
There are basically three things that led me to leave Uganda.
Here are some resources that can give English speakers an introduction to the language
The Serbian election result is anything but clear.
Reporting Standards  Global Voices Active Voice blogs about double standards in media reporting here and here.
So does he ask the paper for space to present his thoughts to the citizens?
Part of the cultural change is prompted by western companies.
He described the clashes as follows
As far as I know, nobody was detained.
on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter.
It is not known who reviews them.
which has been criticizing their news reporting.
Poster demanding the freedom of jailed bloggers.
He is now on his way to an unknown detention.
I want the young people, those who have a future, to run away.
He also added that he was not planning to leave the country.
How can that be banned.
Some have even gone as far as saying that this might be the greatest goal ever.
As it was expected, there were several reactions amongst netizens.
It is important to talk about this.
and shows Hell to him.
Anyone who has been to a live soccer match knows that it is an event of experiences.
In an article for online magazine Digital Rights
My friends are used to being the main readers of the blog.
However, almost two years after he took office, most of these promises have not been realized.
The BBC interviewed him about the search
Turning to the Word of God, we find the only sure way to do that.
If there are local activists, they should busy themselves with spreading the information.
So I say it all over again
Interesting websites  Global Voices Interesting Kenyan websites
It is up to parents and families to decide how they name children.
You are able only poor people.
Twitter and the blogosphere have been flooded with reactions.
If you want, add to it water shortage.
She was one of us.
someone or something they hate
I encourage all of you to look and support these causes.
That is why trust in government in Singapore remains high.
But it is not just the youth that are a threat to Azerbaijan.
I think it will be just as successful.
Global Voices Thank you, with my love, I shall stay with you.
You only bring your clothes and your private stuff.
Some choose to submit to authority, some choose to stand against it.
This blog is dedicated to their cause.
And who is the street you live on named after?
They gave more than that, but, never mind...
She continues in the next post
In fact, however, the problem is not so simple.
It also points to critical questions about state monitoring of demonstrators.
Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny praised the battle in a blog post on his website
What we need is to stop playing the victim.
And several protests across India have been planned by various journalist groups.
For this just and free nation, I will fight back.
Seriously cannot believe how young this crowd is.
Quiet after this morning funeral.
This site has also published several photos one above and says
The police is telling, we have nothing to do.
And of course here it is
Tajikistan now finds itself with little electricity and gas.
I understood it deeply after I came back to China for a while.
the scene looked like a Christmas card.
It was a strange thing to hear about, considering that in movies they were showing the opposite
Those who do not want to face tomorrow will not be very happy.
Real numbers may be even higher.
Our primary objective is to obtain peace for Myanmar.
Powerful hands had killed her.
But we can always work through other platforms.
I can think of at least three that are relevant to the issue of race
and to some extent I think that something like this happened.
In the former protest, a worker committed public suicide by burning himself.
The light is weak but it exists.
Just long enough to make you feel important.
It would be best for the relatives to decide.
I asked myself how a United States President could be treated in such a manner.
What are the benefits of transparency at all levels?
Do you choose the characters or do they choose you?
But a large amount of public anger has fallen on the union.
And that is file a complaint.
Only by giving people votes can the problem be addressed.
He suggests the following solution
on the situation and with a video.
In this case I think the banks should be brought to court.
It was difficult to learn to the language at first
By law, public officials in Serbia must account for all funds they receive while in office.
Georgia Today reports on the forum.
Thank God for their safety.
Do you think we are stupid?
they want to focus on their own lives and on the quality of domestic society...
What plans do you have after this?
You could have come clean.
One day before the opening nothing was ready yet
This gives more voices to the community.
However, I wish that some topics would be covered more often, such as the plight of Syrian refugees.
Do you miss writing for the newspaper?
On our way to World Cup.
Also, this is nothing new, nor is it going to change in a couple of days
I am following the court decision.
But I could not admit to something that I was not involved in.
He has not been heard from since last Monday.
And so begins the political police story.
What the hell are you waiting for?
This is how it is done.
It has been many years that we have been afraid doing any events in the country.
My family feels the pressure and they are worried about me.
I could have died in jail.
I am the fifth child out of six.
becomes the following in English
How indigenous and people driven is this document going to be under those circumstances?
Google bomb and the President  Global Voices An idea for Google Bombing anyone?
Why did you start your project?
Move out of their way
Tomorrow, we all have to start asking ourselves the question
Many bloggers have provided live blogging and images of the event additional images on facebook.
storm, flood, accident or even war??
When one Twitter user quoted the prime minister
By participating in international events we want to show the positive attitude and leadership of Afghan youth.
But it was not done that way.
Or both at the same time.
What is there to translate in Times of India?
It comes from the support from my family and the support from mothers in the same situation.
She was handed jail time for a comment left by someone else under her tweet
In previous posts we had shared with you on Global Voices the various topics discussed on the Libyan blogosphere.
WE determine what is important.
Special Conference Room Google Group
They have denied him his basic human rights.
Protesters ask for referendum  Global Voices Jamaica
Come for as long as you can.
It is a city at peace, but close enough to hear the war.
Guards attacking people  Global Voices Iran
The humanitarian crisis in the country is getting worse by the day.
And now one of them is speaking out.
The only result for this search is his Russian Wikipedia entry.
He explains his position and goes on to discuss the elections
It might hurt you, though.
I definitely see that happening.
both John and his wife eventually want a child.
In fact I should probably be more concerned.
As a online literature writer, I am not as capable as others.
Many people must share the same thought.
Friday World Blog Roundup  Global Voices Central Asia
but will staying away from the polls make future reform more or less likely?
Eight years ago when I last lived in Iran, the slogan
And I tell them to go out and find a strong story that cannot be stopped by any editor.
Wikimedia has been involved in other efforts to get round the block, however.
But experts say failing to take action would have even greater costs.
His music filled it with lots of joy and beautiful memories.
Please check back for more updates.
Netizens in Lebanon have commented on all these events.
The book is a introduction to blog and a collection of local blog posts.
Which of your projects did you most like doing?
Image from the Safe Streets campaign Facebook page.
For she was to her readers, followers and colleagues, much more than this.
And gay people have been in Trinidad long before last Saturday.
I have taken photos since I was at secondary school.
In other words, it was an ordinary weekend on the RuNet.
John was good at his job.
That is why I can eat so much.
I am so disappointed with the government.
This is the time to keep blogging, until our story is told everywhere
that Caribbean people have been singing the same song for decades
The question is, should at that point, the military be allowed to take over?
That day the police arrested at least five persons that identified themselves as bar employees.
The local blogger, however, remains less than convinced.
Speaking about discrimination, injustice, violence is the first step toward change.
Some South Asian bloggers were quick to publish their opinions on this issue.
Our experience shows good health and a phenomenon that continues to grow.
Bulgarian protesters show solidarity with fellow protesters in other countries.
Some have been held without access to family and lawyers.
All this is just a performance, nothing more...
The rest continues in a straight line.
Then, suddenly, someone will cross that fine line and find himself or herself in jail, or worse.
When I was making the register of the name I thought maybe it was already registered.
provides an initial list of presidential candidates in the country.
I uploaded them and made them available publicly online.
They became the possible agents of change my country needed.
I am at a loss for words.
A similar group can be found here, in English.
El Salvador has a bloody history
Many of us can die, and many have died, who were not in the business of drug trafficking...
But some students continued to share their sides of the story via blogs and Facebook.
Do you think we can look forward to a Serbian language Global Voices website?
But do you blame me for doing what I did?
All the other parts of speech
There is something for everyone
If God be for us, who can be against us?
rather than the title, though.
That was more like a thought, but not a great deal more.
Why do they need so many farmers if no one needs milk?
My family lived in this environment.
This made my father, my sister and me all she ever had in terms of family.
A place where you looked forward, not back.
Most of the TV stations showed some of the videos from YouTube and other sites.
Love makes this world a better place
I have absolutely no idea.
I have friends and relatives there.
Here is the executive summary
Let me say to them
When did you decide that you want to stay and write music in Kazakhstan?
Here then is our problem
To read the full text, visit the blog in front and center
Are victims of crime treated with respect?
The State Department was little help on this, or on much else about Saudi Arabia.
If I can find a flag.
Because we often look down at rape victims.
The blog festival is an annual gathering of Indonesian bloggers Indonesia
We may have no choice.
Why people are so angry at the movie?
The media can do a better job.
We vote for real change.
Sometimes whole roads will be blocked.
Every day is worse than the previous.
I have no idea when we will see each other again.
The policy seems to have mixed results.
If you demonstrate, do it the right way, without violence.
and a strong wind  Global Voices source
Over at a legal blog called Law and Other Things they write
Most of the visible Myanmar bloggers live outside the country.
some got attacked and beaten when the rally ended.
According to the New York Times
Different opportunities are provided by the two different places.
Future TV is back on air.
I did never think well of his ideas...
Russia Finally Gets Its Color Revolution  Global Voices Russia and Ukraine
There may already be Indonesian sites like this.
but its size was smaller than the one of the previous year.
Power and communication lines are down in the region.
I felt as if I had nothing.
According to This is Zimbabwe, the results show that the opposition will control the House of Assembly
Only those who see themselves as Israeli should live here.
Many statements of support had come from students all over the world, including France, Spain, Argentina and USA.
Still, our hopes are high, things would get better.
We want to get into Europe.
This is what war does.
See the first part here.
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life.
Did they pick up more people?
The rules are as follows
She called back right away.
Many of the tweets are in French and Arabic.
Picture via State House website.
By Mexican standards it is not.
Even so, some of us try.
Another screenshot taken from the video.
blogging world cup  Global Voices Yesterday it was the Korea first World Cup match.
A modern shopping center is going to be built in the same place.
Welcome to our new look
It looks like they have been released.
And repression in Mexico is not just a thing of the past.
Did I mention that both Armenia and Azerbaijan border Iran?
I read four or five books at a time.
With a baby, it is impossible to continue working.
Have you decided not to return to Iran?
What impact will all of this have on our tourism industry, for example?
When there is no freedom of speech...
The large opposition parties have not called out to join the demonstrations and have not backed them.
Or, if they choose, ignore them.
Men can and do say no.
What more can I say?
Feel free to try it yourself.
Filipino bloggers try to make sense of the crisis.
It is so close to the airport.
It is a huge market.
And then he started beating her.
No one from the leadership came to see him in court.
Only if you are going to visit for just a few days.
There are other basic rules.
This will just result in better government for the people.
Between eating or taking the bus.
Global Voices challenges people to listen to people beyond their own borders.
God showed us the relationship.
What did the regime do for you?
If you want to kill him there are more fair ways to do that
And we are very sorry for them.
Get me out of the house of my mother.
Some men hate you for being gay.
Finally I arrived at work, where I still am.
What is the next course of action?
Other political parties say they have become victims of the ban as well.
I will speak of this and believe in the Palestinian will in the days to come.
Will be following you in matter of hours.
You can find her full story here in Russian.
The incident in question reportedly occurred late last year.
Because nobody wants to do the dirty work.
Tomorrow we will be writing together.
The protest ended with demonstrators standing in front of the Government for a further hour.
They now control the streets at night like the real military.
And following is a famous video of police cars trying to run over protesters in Bahrain
Several bloggers share their concerns and ideas about recent events.
So this post is about what is going on.
She went ahead with the case.
The campaign seeks to extend the culture of giving to refugees living in the northern part of the country.
Well, it was more than that.
But she kept her cool.
We are faced with real opportunities.
The whole world is watching now, history is being made.
Do we call those people Muslims and do we claim we are in a Muslim country?
Several bloggers make the song available in their blogs
My favorite election photo so far
To Vote or Not to Vote?
What is the reason for the strike?
On Twitter, the debate was no less intense.
China Media Project has translated the comments from Chinese social media and traditional media.
The PM said social media had the ability to include more voices into one issue, including political debates.
There is no discrimination in nature.
The day will come when I will have my way.
I read it and liked it a lot.
People were busy talking about his leadership and fresh thought.
Building a better tomorrow with social networks  Global Voices Building a better tomorrow with social networks in Uganda
She then commented on the protests themselves
He then argued that the Internet is less free than mainstream media, which is under state regulation in Malaysia
On this report, we watch.
So what exactly is the message?
Is it the fact that it happened?
As I do with everything in life, I gave the very best of myself to this job.
Today is not that day.
This is good as I always want my home country, Cambodia, to be known to the outside world.
It has become a challenge now to bring all or most of these groups onto one platform.
All our home use water is done with fresh water
Just like a phone, for example.
Some have to do with threat of violence, not actual violence.
But is Spanish a dead language in the Philippines?
She wanted to ride the bus.
The war made this project a mission for me.
Once a decision has been made, women will find a way to make it happen.
What factors contribute to this figure?
How do those who live at home spend their day?
No to sexual harassment, reads a sign held at the protest.
Some were forced to return to Guatemala, where they were arrested upon arrival.
all links are in French, unless otherwise stated.
I, too, have been unable to talk with Alexander since his release.
Everyone gets what they deserve.
Check out their blog here.
There is neither freedom or rights in it.
John George has Had Enough at Had Enough.
The battle lines are being drawn.
I wish you so much strength, so much peace for you and your loved ones
My friends got married yesterday, and the wedding was great.
Today we hear that YouTube is officially blocked in Kuwait.
On the other hand, my God
The more money you have, the higher the level of your humanity.
All over the web many celebrated their humanitarian work.
But the worse thing is still we need their help
Schools should not require students to attend review classes.
This bombing is not good for the future of Lebanon.
This generation of young people are lucky.
In Uganda, refugees have the opportunity to contribute to the local economy.
There has been no code of conduct because we deal with each issue on a case by case basis.
There are a few articles in the document that guarantee Iranian rights online
This is such sad news
Photo by Human Rights Watch.
The parents work in the farm all day or for some other people to earn their living.
if this happens, the relevant information is posted on the site.
Regarding this decision, netizens show their opinions.
We need more like you.
When they die, they are easily replaced and forgotten.
Egypt, Jordan is with you.
What will we do now to lead the country forward?
Here as some of the images captured by bloggers and netizens that tell their own story
Finally she says think twice when you say that this government does not understand politics
Most probably it is true.
How should we celebrate this event?
What am I going to do with it?
Before the end of this sentence?
I have to admit it
Religion is a matter of personal choice.
What is he accused of?
Would you please introduce your blog and tell us what kinds of topic you cover?
She could barely walk and could not stand on her feet.
A man is held on the ground by riot police, before being arrested.
Lebanon especially is a country whose political structure demands chaos.
It is so easy to find an excuse to put someone in jail.
The two sides were due to come together on Monday to discuss their differences.
Knew it was our night for something to happen.
This means that Facebook will need to find new ways to make money and grow its business.
it cannot bring them into actual play.
freedom, knowledge and quality of life.
Freedom of Speech in Azerbaijan
Similar cases have occurred recently.
Numbers so far in tens.
Putin will not be able to hold out until the end of his current term.
We should support each other.
And if you go back to the previous comments, you find many comments are gone.
What do you see as possible solutions?
Reporting, in these cases, is not our only duty.
The general theme of the Conference is
It is important to make these young people are to be seen by politicians.
Every day, the Japanese media reported a case a Japanese company being targeted.
They tried to kill the police who are trying the protect them
It was only hours since I had last seen them, but they had changed and I had changed.
notes that the Ukrainian parliament has founded a temporary investigation commission to follow developments of the current gas crisis.
Iranian netizens reacted to this sad event
Problems become apparent already at the technical level.
How to avoid prison in Korea  Global Voices How to avoid prison in Korea.
But a child will not be able to understand what is happening, if she is subjected to abuse.
My World Cup favorite moment.
And broken they will be.
Replace with even yourself and you will be surprised at what you will do or become.
Outside of Haiti, youth are also taking steps to help raise money and awareness.
Apparently, not all of them were arrested then.
Bahrain It is not only in countries with open civil war where women are suffering.
But the feeling on the street seems to be quite different.
I still remember the day, a Friday.
Fellow activists believe he has been subjected to severe torture since his arrest.
Did they speak of poverty of the mind?
You can spread your message in different ways.
the doubt is strong in me.
I am only reading and thinking of how many times the young Israelis and Palestinians meet up.
But do ordinary citizens and activists have any hope of changing things?
They also issued a threat to the people reporting them on their page
It will be for something that I did or did not do, it does not matter.
You felt like a man?
And its not that the new year started with all this serious stuff.
We have always been an island city state.
The first is a negative warning
Then, how do we protect ourselves from this?
Many Egyptian citizens started to express their anger after reading the news.
Then I picked it up again and handed it to the old man.
If so, how does one best measure the results?
The story goes as follows
Yet, none of these measures seemed to have brought her release any closer.
For this reason, we support initiatives such as the Best of the Blogs awards.
Every day, new Facebook accounts are being opened for and against the movement.
Powerful film speaks above all else, she says.
From Australian Northern Territory Government Africa needs God?
For how long these demands were made and not being addressed?
The people of a great country know their rights and they demand for it.
How did you reach so many users?
it was reported through new media, social networks, and now the whole world knows.
Few people will vote for her.
The two drivers moved closer.
We killed the whole day on this.
Graphic from Navalny website post.
The audience, as usual, loved it.
I also plan to publish another book
What began as student protests in Venezuela turned large and violent in the last few weeks.
She explained to me that I say
They had to run to a nearby court district.
We have learned a lot.
This was the first episode in a series of similar attacks suffered in the region over the following months.
At issue is whether they are state or political party property.
It is not for you to sleep on.
Part Two  Global Voices Photo
Supporting the peoples party is not a crime.
In other cases, the data that exists is too much and too complicated for the average citizen to understand.
By the way, this man previously sought another young girl for marriage in the same district.
She was elected federal deputy.
So many trees are down ...
People young and old took to the street, but government just turned a blind eye, I am very disappointed
What An African Woman Wants celebrates The Ordinary.
But overall I think it has done more good than harm.
Most of all I think the energy, the spirit of Carnival quickly drew me in.
But I, as a citizen, would like to know
Mark wrote a post and talked about his experience.
Every year we send money for victims of the flood.
But who is to keep this guy from writing on some international platform?
He feels the pain of his people perhaps more than any journalist in Baghdad does.
The statement came on Friday night, hours after Parliament held the first round of the presidential election.
This model is specifically designed for use in urban areas.
However, she has not started posting on a regular basis.
In our country, we train dogs to take care of violent acts.
Free movement of people, goods
However, on the ground none of this happened.
But such cases were, in the past, unusual.
I believe in freedom of expression.
Image is also available in Arabic.
It does not help anyone, not Uganda, and not even the person for whom it is intended.
To be fair, the community has to pay it with us.
How to send a weather report to us.
Nobody in Russia has ever even thought about how we approach a piece of news.
A journal being banned is ordinary here.
it is a return to the state of nature.
The second version is a commercial.
It is so easy to say that everything is bad, but we are trying to change the situation.
This could be the story of Cameroon.
How Many Saudi Students Study in the US?
I keep pushing myself to do better work.
Local officials approved the property development plan in the area.
I have no idea if these issues are linked.
Literally anyone with small Internet knowledge can access those easily.
The banner they held reads
Tomorrow it could be you.
How does one do both at the same time?
Africa is still a vulnerable continent.
There are two questions I would like to find the answer for.
Party politics in Nigeria has no ideological foundation.
It makes me appreciate life more after reading about your hard life during those years.
Someone will have to pay for all the innocent blood.
One time, there were consequences for one person.
Do you think Cambodia will follow the China model on internet control?
I was with my younger sister and another girl.
And it was just the first day.
There was no mention of it in the news as if it became a normal daily life practice
He explained on his blog that he had attempted several time to resolve the issue with Livejournal.
Now that I came to Mexico, I was talking to all these people, especially immigrants.
Second, we need to change the law but again we cannot do this without the politicians.
Legal News From Nepal has some views on the move.
The second is for the audience to tell them who they are and what they are interested in.
What do you mean by this?
They believe their loved ones will return.
Who allowed them to do that?
That image stayed with me for a long time.
What does that mean exactly?
Photograph taken from Wikimedia Commons, public domain.
As a researcher in Citizen Journalism, how would you describe the difference it is making to Taiwan?
This is not really surprising.
I had chosen two projects to work on.
Yet now the situation seems to be coming to a head.
Five more were killed in that same night
Police say this is thanks in part to the spread of false information on social media.
Global Voices An Egyptian asks
Reports were constantly filed on various social networks.
the teachers, too, experience totally new things.
None of this is new.
The example starts at home.
who by this time will have just started working and maybe just married.
If they are completely innocent, time and the authorities in each country will reveal this to be the case.
What happened to my country?
Do you enjoy support from your family and surrounding environment?
Libya has sat on this council.
He wants me to do everything for him.
how they manage to change their president every four years and Obama winning the elections just yesterday.
And that was how I felt when I started blogging.
Harassment of journalists in Cambodia has not stopped.
I only feel sorry about one thing.
How do you imagine the future of the Internet in Kazakhstan?
I asked them where they got these data from.
How have we arrived here?
It has taught me how to fight
People need to rise above it.
We want them to support us.
Any other parts of the state?
Racism is present everywhere and among us no more so than in America.
For factors that require expert knowledge, he first explains so but also voices his own opinion.
But Taiwan is not currently a province of China, as China has no control over Taiwan.
You can see all the action in this video on the BBC News website.
Why speak to her like that on air?
I told them that I would never let her experience the same pain that you have put me through.
What are your plans for the future?
So this is how women are supposed to be treated?
It is Google that should be blamed, since it does not operate its business in China.
But there is no such thing as a Catholic vote.
For news updates on Yemen I created a list.
The report indicated that hundreds of people have been killed and thousands injured since the crackdown on protesters began.
He described that he did in an extreme anger
Race Relations  Global Voices Living in Barbados discusses the issue of race.
How can they visit our parents because of our case.
hope for a real future together...
it followed the Western path, then ran quickly into the limits of that model.
And, in this context, mass media are tools for terrorists.
We left them there happy to see their families and disappointed about having to go back to the jail.
Will you sign this petition?
There are many as everyone is unique and so are their ideas.
And they raise their girls to accept that too
They were not allowed to meet with their lawyers.
The municipal support gave youth activists a strong platform to reach a wider audience.
they would have to buy things for her.
they might be forcing people on the down low some.
Did you not think of that?
With such controversy, citizens started to debate on social networks and to reflect on their blogs.
The Amnesty International USA Blog comments on the latter.
Has the African Union become that much of a group of bad jokes?
Those who feel left out of the national conversation can use this space to get their message across.
The boy dropped his eyes.
Here is my wish list of her and her team.
Eventually, they want to bring the training to every school in Guyana.
What are the reasons for poor internet access in Haiti?
The authorities are sending a message
We want to stop it with protests alone.
There is shooting from different areas.
You should not send your kids to ordinary schools.
What remains to be done is implementation.
Once you oppose the proposal in the legislative council, the proposal is just denied.
The fact is the opposite
How Much Does a Political Crisis Cost?
Outlets have often focused on what could happen rather than what is happening.
Obviously this crisis has not come out all of a sudden.
The more things change, the more they stay the same?
Capital flight From left to right
I think that the absolute majority of supports her view.
While I was working hard, my brother was studying as best as he could too.
However, from that moment I began to receive threats.
Each rock represents a murdered or disappeared person.
Initially held only in Moscow, these events now take place in other cities as well,.
Happy New Year to all
How is Panama dealing with the arrival of large groups of people from its neighboring countries?
But it was all relatively calm.
To die for food, a shame
In every culture Mother plays the most important role in bringing up kids.
I have a lot more that I need to do.
I still remember your words, and your advice for us.
The assembly produced a series of working groups
How would you comment on this?
What drew you to Global Voices?
Such movements will be born and die, as they do all the time.
Hungarian NGOs are still unclear about how the new law will impact their work.
And life is also likely to be quite common.
The first time I came into direct contact with citizens of Azerbaijan was in September last year.
His Facebook page has more than one million followers, most of them gathered over the last three years.
Outside Cairo, clashes were also reported.
I guess the force was not with them.
Is this just for power?
I was surprised to see that she had eyes full of dreams.
The lessons of our history are being ignored.
In Hong Kong, some Chinese American bloggers openly expressed their supports for Obama.
These are more likely the main reasons for its failure.
This also resulted in other people coming forward about similar incidents.
What was something you lost this year?
the artist was tried and sentenced to six months of community service.
Nepal Has A New Prime Minister  Global Voices United We Blog
We can make a voice so much stronger in that country.
When exactly this will happen is not clear yet.
He could not consider it now.
Here is a screen shot.
Shortly about the most important.
He asks where we are from.
It sounds like me tweeting.
Since Puerto Rico is a United States territory, federal laws apply.
It presented a window into an existence that I can hardly begin to imagine.
I will be sending my kids to a school like this in the coming years.
Just remember, this is a business here.
This is what is happening.
The authors warned that the policy will further expand web censorship in the country Armenia
We have submitted our demands to the Cabinet.
The topic this year is WATER.
Indonesia has one of the most active social media communities in the world.
It is the filed of all conflicts in the world.
The right to clean drinking water.
Most of the papers presented at the conference reflected this agreement.
The importance of Regional Languages?
The question remains who is telling the truth.
I am very disappointed with this news.
The complaint and subsequent investigation came to nothing because of a lack of evidence.
The Share Defense team of legal experts explained the legal issues in this matter on their website
Below are some photos and reaction on Twitter.
On Gaza, the blogger writes
One has to think beyond transparency and accountability.
Its first target is Instagram.
It seems a bit surprise when I hear the song but it might be true somehow.
We would all benefit, without a doubt.
And of course there are some people who are more equal than others.
Are we missing important stuff from the world of blogs today?
It happened for the first time in Islamic Republic history.
Who are the Uzbek border guards?
Even more difficult to understand may be a statement like this one
Or they only move when it comes to Mubarak ??
I move to another one.
Or did that already happen?
They are such a great source of the most amazing stories.
It seems not only the bloggers are talking but the musicians are also singing.
I just want to remind everyone that the Nobel Peace Prize is an international award.
What other plans do you have in store for the future?
You can ignore the sign its safe and see the pictures.
Here you will see the best blog awards for Ghana.
no couple could afford to have children.
considering that he will probably be the one to win.
What Russians know about Kazakhstan is that
The apology was quick in coming
Political movements were again working publicly and participating in parliament.
The event was held by The Center for Community Service and Continued Education as well as the Japanese Embassy
This flag represent only the armed forces.
And I thank you very much because you have achieved what this movement targeted.
It happened during the long break.
However, it required him to put me on the next plane home.
Has that even been done before?
We need enough support to defeat the Taliban.
The Chinese text can be found on his own blog
Some very good and encouraging.
The group pointed out in their Facebook page
Over the weekend, my partner and our boys walked past a store that sold weapons.
The rule of law is still under construction and there are numerous accounts of torture within the military.
Care should be taken to secure all evidence.
Which of the two languages needs protection?
His arrest was confirmed by his brother, as well as his son, who tweeted
The bloggers would not miss that
Later, I simply heard their fear.
Africa needs to grow up.
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself.
I thinks there are two reasons behind this.
Trump is not the tragedy for Nigeria.
Our poor hearts, each and every one of us.
Who will the Pope Support?
But who would defend a Russian?
Let us now turn to politics, war and other related issues.
It is important to note that there are no protesters.
He noted that at the time, there was a lot of interest in China.
None of the children bring her water.
Is it open to other members?
We call for greater education about rape and rape culture.
Only time, of course, will tell.
This gives greater opportunity for the learning process.
We share some of these responses below
The three lessons she had learned are
People are already thinking about the future.
The Ukrainian government and the rebels are accusing each other of being responsible for the crash.
Because of fear, many cases of violence are not reported.
I am happy that the government and private sector have taken on this initiative.
The Australian people have had enough.
Here are some of the comments to this post
African Elections to Watch  Global Voices African elections to watch
This year the chosen subject is poverty.
As social media becomes more and more popular, online public opinion leaders are becoming very influential.
Tell everyone we are still here
They all deserve our support to protect their basic human rights.
She seemed to speak to herself.
They are holding rallies all over Pakistan apparently in support of the army.
It was, in effect, an online journal.
But sure enough, he did.
Why do we need bigger and better bombs??
No, how much does it really cost?
Dozens of schools in south Malaysia also suspended operations.
Upon the announcement, their website published this explanation on how the platform works
Some of them have been captured below
Once it was, William thought.
Some she lost to hunger and cold.
During the college years, many people take the time to better understand themselves and their place in the world.
We were back on the road.
Where are the big protests?
The post also called for the resignation of both the Minister of Justice and the Attorney General
This time they made use of the fire to launch the campaign.
The proposal will now pass to the European Council.
But Internet repression is not just about governments.
We will die for this cause.
In many cases that is quite true.
But they got used to my activities with years.
Is LGBT an Online Reality?
Why have American attempts to speak to Russians through social media failed?
Is human life that cheap?
A short video presents the campaign
Their actions have been strongly criticized on social media, especially on Facebook.
Those who organize demonstrations should be made responsible for the situations of violence?
It just seems to me that, by the results alone, these two terrorist attacks are similar.
His speech at the airport was broadcast live on all Haitian radio stations and the national TV channel.
For me, however, I feel that working should mean making a living out of what we do, right?
We will have to read the book to find out.
from broadcasting and print media, to participants in the new media and online social networks.
The airport has provided space for tourists who wish to sleep or rest inside the airport
We should respect our history and the people behind it.
I hope we can learn from it though.
The president should keep these rights in front of himself without discrimination.
Image from his Facebook page.
What is wrong with that?
Worse, we will never know who they were, not even their names.
Demonstrations In recent days, Iranians in New York protested against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and human rights abuses in Iran.
Our media are trying to destroy the people.
A campaign against the bill is ongoing.
In a critical historical moment, everyone thinks it is just an ordinary day.
Another tradition that you can probably guess at is the food.
someone paid to turn a protest into a festival
Then they get inspired to create a book that they then share.
It would be good for her.
This is not the end of the story.
The subsequent attack on the channel sparked public outrage.
This blog will also highlight on controversial issues associated with elections.
You never learn, do you?
Who is paying for them?
In March, there was a large protest in Belarus after the presidential elections.
The Washington Post highlighted the fact, stating
Where did all this religion come from??
She lost a lot during that battle.
This is my way of life.
Should they stay or should they go?
She refers to the articles of the Iranian constitution that guarantee protection for the environment and says
But one thing stood apart in this video
a standard rule in reporting.
You can no longer say that Tunisia is dying.
And in between the news, we were watching the opening of the Olympics.
How much of the Iran you discover was similar to the image of Iran you had in your mind?
Another way of putting it
An Internet free from any control, from any censorship.
How did you get involved with Global Voices?
What the hell is that?
Please be kind to children.
A state for Nepali Indians  Global Voices United We Blog
South Sudan is hard work.
As she has said to me
It was coming toward him.
May the Force be with you.
The former residents of the neighborhood of Trinidad want to preserve the little that remains of this park.
My overall impression is that nobody won.
He knows we, as people, will never rise up against him.
And so flooding will happen again and again.
Regulation of political activities  Global Voices Still Me blogs about the regulation of political activities in Singapore.
, IF ANY OF YOU HAVE RELATIVES OR FRIENDS THERE, GET IN TOUCH WITH ME.
So they refuse to admit critical accident patients.
according to their statistics, all extremist materials discovered during the past two years were found online.
Do they represent all the people their organisations claim to work for?
We been informed that the entire neighborhood lived through the same experience we did.
Would You Eat Off the Floor?
Tell me about the sea.
But why am I telling you all this?
Below is one exchange from the comments section
It must not be allowed to happen
A later section on hate speech is also relevant to the page
Church is that one place that should never run out of good news
It was just what she needed.
Syria. to push back the sanctions.
Awareness is the first step to bring change, and I am spreading awareness.
How far do you think social media can go in creating impact in Uganda?
The news of his death was released by his family through Facebook
There is no power but from God..
They are angry that they cannot return for many good reasons.
Germany, look at your videos, notes, but you know what?
She actually made less than what she made back home.
even though we live here in Libya.
What happened to the human rights?
In this post, the blogger wrote
Everybody has the right for their lives, all over the world.
What have we done to him?
For our potential and purpose?
The most recent post informs readers that her little brother has been denied access to a lawyer.
Once someone posted this status in a Facebook wall which became viral
On Twitter, the reactions also critical of the decision
At the time she was accompanied by a boy.
You can watch related photos of this event here.
I brought it all home.
when something went wrong, he would get involved right away to solve the issue.
My final argument is this
How has the situation in Gaza affected you and your work?
This conflict leads to a hard choice
That includes being active on social networks and Twitter.
Well then, let us hear it.
I wanted to do it.
I have some thoughts on the situation I went through.
I agree with every claim and am proud to belong to the Christian community.
My decision then was to never allow anyone to make that decision when I knew I was right.
Same happened before all past elections in our country.
There is a long way to go, and we are struggling for it.
We hope to see two kinds of change.
and he gives other examples of Hell in a Baghdad Street.
This is coming from the streets
This member wrote the following, regarding which data to trust
What is the government doing?
We believe this has the potential to be very powerful.
Follow his blog or his Twitter account if you are also a football fan.
What are you doing about it?
This is what this regime, this government is about.
I used to read a lot.
Several Iranian bloggers, both male and female, were present at this gathering and shared their thoughts, photos and feelings.
This spring, they decided they could not remain silent any longer.
His father opposed his choice but he insisted.
That is out of question.
Gender can also be like a jail.
How about teaching the interior minister how to speak?
Much of the blog is devoted to watching the West watch Russia.
How many Chinese have been hurt by the English education?
How big is the threat?
In its aftermath, Amnesty International called for an independent investigation
He also complained about the silence of the media
Republished by Global Voices with permission.
All they talk about is change.
Otherwise, his flag would have been famous all around the world.
Photos by the author and used with permission.
The girl looked around quickly at several of the people.
But the final touch was his own body.
Demonstrators used social media widely during the protests, both to organize and share photos from rallies.
Photo from the House News.
The source of the attack is allegedly located in Russia.
Remember when I said this?
This is the stuff we like.
a candidate is supposed to be elected on the basis of its program in theory.
When I think of those days, I do get angry.
You can buy sick leave doctor online
No to the Muslim Brothers ...
What are the future plans for the book?
Navalny is a member of this campaign.
I think you have understood what I wanted to say
One of the most common and most important questions being brought up is, do we have a plan?
We have lost a lot.
I think the world is getting sick of waiting, as are the Lebanese people.
Depends on who you ask.
Something else is more interesting
We wish them the very best
They are a step ahead.
Also not reflected is, to my mind, the key issue
Now a similar concept aimed at awareness for indigenous languages is making its way around the internet.
and launch them on the world when their time comes.
Can you pick one story as an example?
It was already very dangerous.
I ran away here from Russia.
the government of your country.
How can we take him???
The clashes led to the death of three people.
He reflected on more peaceful times
For example, all candidates for president have accounts on Twitter and other social networks.
Tell us a bit about the city you live in.
There is nobody to blame for the current stage.
What about nations like China and India.
That could have been me.
I know that Iraq is not the same Iraq.
The director of Europe and Central Asia for Amnesty International tweeted
There is also the small matter of Sudan not being party to the court.
The Internet is rich with content in other languages ....
Russian business is good business.
Why would they need more?
Read what he has to say about the meeting.
Believe it or not, they both write in English.
We will not rest until justice is done.
Among the highlights of the Budget are
I understand the pain of losing hair because I experienced it before.
Ghanaian bloggers are celebrating this historic win.
Ugandan blogger Gay Uganda writes
In any event, the launch of yet another communication network is a welcome sign.
They charged them with criminal association for fighting for a piece of land.
Finally something interesting to read.
That violence can be used to solve problems.
History suggests nothing else will lead to a sustainable peace in the province.
Center in the United States.
Never has that been more apparent than in times of crisis
The full article in China can be found here.
Global Voices Gaza under attack
The real change cannot come into existence by bringing new laws, it will come when we attack the cause.
Are you disappointed that the international community seems to have lost interest in Afghanistan?
Travel with Art  Global Voices Trinidad and Tobago
We think that this is the least they could do or we can ask for.
You too will not be successful.
I miss feeling connected to my community.
They can be used too in other countries because the topics are universal and easy to understand.
Inside Iran, they want to have more control over what people read.
This post is part of our special coverage on Indigenous Rights.
On its website, the group writes
Then there are lots of refugee camps in Myanmar.
What we need is a conversation between the common people who took part in the dispute.
ISIS is the state of pride.
Do they make any sense?
It, too, has been refused registration.
Everyone expected him to come to Kenya first.
I tried to push my way back through the people, but this was impossible.
That was the reason, some netizens believe, that the young woman came to attention of the Uzbek authorities.
We do not know who fired first, but the results were the same.
Few Indians would, however, know this, or, if they did, would admit it.
Whether or not these trends achieved their aim is a story for another day.
Today, there is Internet, satellite, and many other communication platforms for easy communications.
The statement read in part
Why should I give it the attention it was created to seek.
After a detailed analysis of the political crisis, the post concludes
we are used to that.
Hunger strike for a just cause
Palestinian women and children are prisoners of occupation.
However, it notes, there is probably little point.
The examples are merely examples
He should go and take one.
Will the negotiations between them and the government reach a conclusion?
You have finished, thanks, but no thanks.
Changing up Pakistan shares a comment
I would also like to continue teaching Spanish classes.
When night fell, the men in the camp were drinking.
What do bloggers have to say?
I wish you could see the situation as I see it.
Hatred tied his hands in Congress.
Global Voices Tajikistan is a small and relatively young country unknown to many people throughout the world.
Jamaicans have much to be proud of in their political systems.
These belong to the people for history and good governance.
What many thought would be a simple protest has continued for two months.
Attacking late at night, no warning...
Here to ask our politicians for a better deal
The third generation is the most complex phenomenon.
Russians wrote about it ...
They are really bloody IT.
I was celebrated at the school.
The whole world is not straight.
You can see a summary of what happened in the following video
No one knows what to do next.
And of course, not stop when asked to.
His young driver was killed in the attack.
If we are to feel bad about this, there would be no end to this.
I responded that it was his agency and he should know better.
Is crime really that bad?
Go after your real enemy.
He can answer the phone though, he can speak, he is safe, they are not beating him...
The results of the survey are here.
How is the community organized?
Let our boys show at training that they are stronger than the foreigners.
I felt sorry for him and sorry for that woman.
Now people of Bangladesh can send news to the world via sms using their mobile phone.
Why not end on a more positive note?
On Twitter, Internet users are expressing their outrage.
The trend is getting more obvious.
His family says they have given up hope of finding him alive.
We need to do the same thing in Moscow.
time, money, food, people willing to help.
Since when prison changes thought?
He did not say anything about coverage by print media.
The movie has become popular very quickly.
Where is it taking place?
Sex is just that, sex.
Why do you make paper by hand?
I have been away for much longer, after all.
You mean to say, people cannot write whatever they want?
Now, you have one more and final chance to make history.
When will society wake up?
Some children have also been forced to work to secure food for their families.
How many times has their money been taken away?
We do not know what is happening outside.
Most social change organizers know this.
A passport that denied me entry to my own home.
And he added that his bank would need to
Several newspapers have closed down.
The election is due in late November.
WHERE MY HEART IS, who writes
It is still a land of hopes.
They tried to petition but were stopped.
But the damage has been done.
And a generation ago, it was considered a dying language.
Can you tell us about some of your more controversial posts?
Barack Obama is the new president of the United States.
When the hell does he leave?
He often drew the bomb.
Corruption affects the poor the most.
Information Society Law  Global Voices Information Policy reports on a new law adopted by the Ukrainian parliament
Life would be much easier then.
With the new tax coming into effect, these numbers may fall once more.
And it never has been.
But something is happening there.
In my opinion they tried to, but failed.
She gives a brief account of the experience at her blog.
This week a lot can change
So I decided to leave home and live on the streets.
Members of the First Peoples community in Trinidad and Tobago.
At the start it sparked fear in many bloggers.
He writes which country has more to lose with any stop in international cooperation.
In a statement from their legal team, Medium wrote
The Union will do nothing to solve that.
We really need genuine changes.
The politicians have to shape their politics within the current rule of law.
To where we did not know.
I am merely a channel for something.
They just got there earlier.
The version below is republished on Global Voices according to a content partnership agreement.
There are other problems in that house, too
There were no charges against us.
However, dialogue I feel is a good start.
Let me be up front here.
It was the first day of Eid, and a new film was opening downtown.
In addition, I count on the support of other foreigners who for other reasons also live here in Egypt.
Photo from Wikimedia, CC License.
How did you find out about Global Voices and decide to participate?
The statement ended with these words
Who will pressure Israel to stop targeting journalists and TV stations?
Many more people will want to contribute to Global Voices.
Change to Drug Law, Change in Policy?
These corrupt officials are so poor.
These were actually the first blogs I saw.
What most concerns us is the human and political importance that were ignored without any apparent explanation.
otherwise we could not let so many deaths happen..
But there were good updates as well.
First I thought it would be something like an open journal.
A version of this article originally appeared in Caribbean Beat Magazine.
It is true that this is a very complicated situation.
Do we have a choice to leave our job on time?
There could be several reasons for that
He is an activist Activism is barely accepted in Ethiopian society let alone with the government.
What plans do you have for the future?
After a closer look, he comments
later in their reporting journalists cited my name.
For my parents and their generation, that was impossible.
We have not yet removed your blog because we see it as a quality addition to the website.
As poor as people here are, they live with dignity.
See if you recognize or remember the rest here.
it all comes from somewhere.
There seemed to be no excuse??
In general, people also suffer form slow internet connections, high costs, and low quality technical problems.
We do not want Malaysia to be used as a point for human trafficking ...
Winter is coming for Gaza and this year its different than the years before.
The Victims Against Corruption group made a statement about the case
Immediately following the ruling, he tweeted
The post has since been taken down.
He was expected to participate at the summit like many other Heads of State.
Can we still believe in law?
The government, however, says the exercise was a success.
There is no problem here.
They have not moved, yet everything has changed around them.
In return, I have gained  Peace and confidence in tomorrow.
It was not the first such protest.
Read on to find out why.
However, many women still rejected the deal.
After signing back on Facebook, she confirmed that her post was blocked
Please support us to make this land developed and beautiful again.
One netizen echoed on Weibo
All the time my husband was next to me.
The Police Approach blog launched an appeal
As a result, hundreds of small villages along the east coast were left abandoned.
No state on earth will allow terror propaganda and collaboration with terror.
The Moroccan people are cast as typical Arab profile
One of his readers comments on his post
World Cup is finally starting
They are using HIS name.
And at the end of the day we went back home, without attending any classes.
What is the responsibility of the United States in living up to its rhetoric of democracy?
standing in line for cash.
those living die every single moment
This is an issue that cannot, must not be ignored.
But its always not the case.
It depends on the site.
Go learn how to deal with bad kids.
He accepted this job with all his heart and he is trying to help.
The official website of the rally in French.
And then I got what they were talking about.
From simple to complex and from complex to simple.
Did we leave out a Russian campaign ad that you think deserves to be here?
This is just one example of the cases we see.
The blogger notes that even nationalist Turkish newspapers were critical of the celebration.
So one of the few ways to provide accountability is through journalists, local and international.
We are a diverse society and nothing can change this fact.
The Declaration of Independence states
In the article, the journalist says
Should we call his cell phone number
It has also given her more of a world view
In some years the figure is actually much higher than that.
There must be more than meet the eye in this crisis.
He would not carry a brief case.
A sign of protest too.
The winner was announced on Tuesday.
The boycott went on as planned.
In Iran, candidates must first be approved before they can be elected by the public.
China has long opposed international intervention in the Syrian conflict.
More blood and the lives of citizens are once again in danger.
There are many stories like this one, very sad.
On the first day, he writes
Now I must eat my words.
It makes you think about what book would help in this situation.
Everyone knows that this is a Kremlin propaganda outlet, and his appearance there raised many questions.
We were right in the middle.
My tiny was a month and a half then.
His wife is going to start a hunger strike in front of United Nations office in Tehran.
We are convinced that humanitarian aid should focus on giving children strength and confidence
She did not think that they are not of her country.
To be honest, be prepared for a lot of work
What choice do I have?
My own Twitter feed notes that both events also come as Azerbaijan marks the end of Ramadan.
made Dutch people feel less guilty?
He also published another photo to remind us about the wild life in this area
I would also like to not to link this topic to religion.
How many Chinese are talking about this issue on the internet?
Some, including myself, do it but only when they are alone and no other family member is around.
Image of the protest that took place in several cities across the country.
Global Voices Global Voices seeks a Deputy Editor to help manage daily content flow in English.
Then the doctor came down, too, to have a look...
Why do we even care to know?
A few days later, a wave of arrests of members of the group was reported across Moroccan cities.
They will be useful in case tear gas . Have an escape route.
Foreign workers  Global Voices According to a finance committee report, Singapore will continue to welcome foreign workers.
New episode of news podcast  Global Voices Zimbabwe News Update has released a new podcast.
He saw later that they had made their marriage too quickly.
All sectors of society have a responsibility to end this.
They loved her in there.
This will take work but it is possible.
Why is any war criminal still in Lebanese government?
Is the media telling the real story on Iraq?
There is general agreement that tourism would be good for the country, but what kind of tourism?
Blood is blood, whether Jewish or Arab.
We are all Muslims and we are proud of this strongly.
Who are your readers, do you know?
This was a demand for educational reform.
How does the books online work?
He is joined by leading human rights organizations worldwide.
Well, you can just report me.
Sometimes, websites are interested in promoting their brand and getting more users
It gets promises, but not actions.
We tell them to know their place.
Here is a Twitter reaction
The brave continue till the end.
Look for them, will you??
The post did him justice.
Global Voices highlighted the lawyers protests and the bloggers take on the issue.
Netizens, however, appear to be divided across political lines.
See who is bringing these migrants here.
It is more of economic reason I would say than political one actually.
The problem is not the law.
They also have an active Twitter account where they maintain an interesting dialogue with their followers.
a huge number of issues.
I mean, the government should.
Happy children is a shame for you?
And several have already come in
Other pictures of the flood available here and here.
We are one, but we are many.
girls are seen as literary, not technical.
But this is Gaza, Palestine, and the victims suffer alone.
when the man was still in his house, they voted and signed instead of him.
Twitter broke the news ahead of mainstream media.
from their own community, to the national and international spaces.
Detailed photo reports from the trip can be seen here and here . China
What are your other professional interests?
For our opinions to matter.
A few minutes later, he tweets
the best address to send it is
What is now happening outside capital?
One of the leaked photo circulated online.
A sad and happy moment all in one.
Later on, there will also be a student website at
Things were going in their favor.
Remind us how much the poor little child is suffering
Many had gathered at the field.
The Afghan leader expressed hope that Pakistan could help in this process.
The court and the law were his.
Either you killed or were killed.
Our Cause is our Freedom
Local bloggers have created an alternative list of names for the bridge.
In addition, a lot of people remain afraid.
Not exactly a star is born but still.
These two things are related.
What kind of government will that government be?
The numbers of those affected are not low.
What should be our protests?
Japan Student Services Organization .
The tweets below show how netizens are divided about his case
I am sure there was a connection between these two events that was planned.
THIS IS NOT SOCIAL MEDIA REGULATION.
Also look at the International NGOs flickr group.
The agreement will help both groups learn from one another.
Her final word on the matter was
According to the report, Latin America is going through a crucial moment for freedom of expression.
I would have never known that some things in the society can improve.
The poem ends on the following note
she stood out and was chosen as a candidate on account of her professional skills.
This is not about politics
Here is his blog post about the issue.
he asked me to tell my parents that I was staying so that they agreed ..
For me life must go on.
that it is normal to live like this.
The blog had reported the incident earlier this week.
Internal Clashes  Global Voices How bad is it going to be?
Some people are still trying to figure out what this climate agreement will really get us.
This is attack on an idea.
The police were still standing over the men.
The blogger along with others went on to describe several cases of women being detained and threatened, adding
We are politically active, and help spread good ideas.
So which one will it be?
Since the union was not legally recognized, there was very little to do through legal means.
And four of them were Global Voices authors.
It may sound like a strange statement, but the truth is that some of us think that.
And it was set it Guatemala.
What is happening to Iraqi Education
A Measure to Prevent a Central American Spring?
I have a theory about this.
Many Colombian Twitter users expressed their outrage
My father last night tried to communicate a single message
This is not a secret to anyone.
They raised a banner and urged for their salary to be paid.
can one not love this city?
Its removal cast a wide net.
If I die, I have only one desire
We must not limit ourselves to a boycott on social media, but get out on the streets.
Women learning how to vote a few days before the election.
So why not take advantage?
Or serve a sentence from six months or two years in jail.
People ran, fell down, got up, ran again.
After all, what does it mean to be Brazilian?
What it gets is injustice.
Global Voices Global Voices updates are now available via Twitter
Others pointed out that sharing such images were against the law.
It is a website dedicated to helping people make the most out of living in Qatar.
I totally agree with this.
I need to join my family in Libya.
Did he come from a musical family??
There comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone.
Before I arrived, I expected a scared population, people afraid to express their true opinions.
He was initially detained for questioning by the police.
They did not save her.
Presentation of independent experts reports to UN Human Rights Council.
How well off are Thai farmers?
Why is the media silent?
What is the future of GV?
The reason for this is simple
Do your friends and colleagues have blogs?
Leaving the flag as it is Some bloggers have opposed the idea of changing the flag.
No comments and discussions were allowed in internet forum.
The group has increased its campaign of violence in northern Nigeria.
The new child is the fifth born.
This Thursday is that emergency election.
But our parents encouraged us to fear God.
But what I found was I did find a lot of friends.
So they saw what they are getting into.
How to separate crime and politics?
This is not a problem that involves a small town in Nigeria, this involves all girls everywhere.
I got dressed when it was time to leave the house.
Asked to comment, he said
Anyone having a white Christmas this year?
I love the simple life here that can get you as far as you need.
It is particularly planned to prepare a proposal for Vladimir Putin, Russian Prime Minister.
We gave information to a lot of people, and some of them even stopped and asked questions.
What was she thinking, or should I say, was she thinking at all?
She also links to the five bloggers who did mention the crash.
once you get onto it.
Will have to stock up on it today.
The red and white was on the air.
It just became very clear to me we need our own Obama.
But such programs will not have a chance of getting to the public.
The interview is posted at China digital times.
I am all for women.
The degree of protection against discrimination is lower than in Europe.
For how long was she there?
The husband wrote the reaction of his children in several tweets
Bloggers have been trying to make sense of the attempted murder...
The housing bill is now in the House Rules Committee.
They could fail a country.
According to a blog report
The punishment must be fair in relation to the violation.
And why do you think that is?
some of it will need a legal explanation.
In my own blog I wrote about the effects of the series loss in Pakistan
Your career as a journalist inside of Iran has had its highlights
She is definitely our first lady.
I still have in mind the images of bodies flying everywhere.
He goes on to explain
For other observers, however, the reason is obvious.
What happened with the use of the gas?
Who are the ones actually responsible for killing her?
We have this stance because
It explains much of what we see around us.
Tunisia is an Islamic republic.
But this is not the main issue here.
Should it be spent like this?
I am not happy with some of the comments here.
So what has he done?
The vision became even stronger now.
And only very few people are registered.
Now they are stuck in the middle.
It brought this upon its own head.
Citizens are fully aware of the problems and who is causing them.
I think it is not.
Hong Kong Chief Executive Election
And by the way, I continue to try to understand them.
She also had a great attitude.
We are just watching other companies develop our resources.
People affected by floods in Madagascar.
It was still Good Friday, after all.
Why is the information provided in the blocked sites being kept away from us?
We read in his blog
And this success of the Libyan Revolution comes at a very significant time in history.
The police have since blocked several opposition protests and gone after journalists and newspapers covering the protests.
Images shared on various Twitter accounts.
is the United States of Africa already here?
I did not expect it would be the...
Of these, almost half are girls.
On Twitter, things were similar
He adds that the law is used to create fear in society
It is those families which we help.
What is Venezuela right now?
We have two interesting views on this subject.
Two cases in particular, however, have captured media attention.
Guys guys stop spreading rumors.
I know that one must act.
Let us live our own life
we just need to try
Mostly, thanks to the Fiji TV station and the Military for drawing attention to it.
The company later blocked his access to his account at the end of July.
Just nothing, she told herself.
You can help from anywhere in the world
It witnessed the best, and the worst days of my life.
A child discusses her work with her teacher.
The page is temporary and will be taken down in a month or so.
I remember the report well as I was very sad to see all these things.
Read the full petition here.
Not every thing was tech though.
Mobile money transfer services were also turned off during that period.
Do they want to take us over?
Put your hands above your head.
There is still much to fight.
Image from Wikipedia, public domain.
One of our most rich and important city in Brazil is So Paulo, were I live.
We can only rely on ourselves, on our dear ones, on fellow citizens.
Today is Africa Freedom Day.
The newspaper was devoted to cover mainly religious, human rights and political issues on both sides of the border.
The blogger feels that the commission is not aware of the actual facts surrounding the arrest.
I am in solidarity with the Syrian people.
Amazing support from the supporters was a great honor for us.
What countries would you like to visit?
Imagine if one day one of these parties ruled Egypt, how are they going to rule?
When Should US Army leave?
Thanks to everyone who played a part today
Will the approach make people doubt the government information and their claim of listening to public opinion?
I feel everything inside of me is broken to pieces.
Tell us, what is life like for an Ecuadorian in New York?
Wish to see the same in Egypt, Tunisia, Syria and Yemen.
In other countries people have referred to them as political tools, almost literary.
A poor man is not free
At the airport, they bring them together several times a week around books, songs and drawing.
There is even a video with sign language
In theory, there is no death penalty in Brazil.
What role might they play in the future?
She said that she confirmed this based on the scientific method.
I also asked friends to spread the message on Weibo to support me.
One of her last posts includes
In that country, anything could happen.
Following are two recent posts on the blogs
Their professional photos have instead made a home on social media.
This is as urgent in Pakistan as it is in the rest of the world.
I urge people to take back the country.
To all of you, today I say
I hear only this sentence.
How to react when faced with street harassment
However, what is essential is the equality of all women before the law.
That too not for a day but for three whole days.
So how exactly are you trying to get African voices and stories heard?
For the average South Americans, the role of teacher is still considered a position of authority.
Below is a selection of a few of them
Who ever came up with that idea should be fired from his job
Below is a local TV footage of the major earthquake damage
Has it become a victim of its own success?
What are you going to do with my eyes?
We can all agree that we do.
Japanese school life is also represented.
only hand she has working for her now.
The blog also takes issue with this post, saying
Journalists can benefit from blogging.
They have better ways to spend their time.
We need campaign finance reform.
They said the contract had been given eight months ago.
Watch out a new day is coming
This is something that is difficult to earn.
None of them reached our walls again.
This is the will and the only choice of a man taking a stand.
As a writer, everything becomes sensitive to write about.
Because they are scared when people talk to each other.
to get a contact, one has to purchase points.
some of these are listed below
How long have you been raising awareness online?
Read on to find out
Two days later they were taken to jail, where they have been waiting for their sentence since then.
God has turned away from us.
and on a more effective basis to more people.
The government claims to be acting upon intelligence reports that the protests could turn bloody.
This is just a tiny bit of it
Simply, this means that YouTube is NOT the proper tool for this job.
Our aim is simply to correct an injustice.
And that is what I truly believe social media can help achieve.
When will that day come?
An injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
As such, helping many people to access information which is important for everyone.
Everything else is public relations.
What do we hear from all these.
We are different but we accept each other.
let us join our hands and fight.
You will enter Gaza with your thoughts about lack of security and the death moments.
We consider reality, not the virtual world.
Twitter is slowly coming back but facebook still remains blocked.
God just gave us another sign that good will win over evil
Municipal, state and federal police reportedly committed the majority of these abuses.
I miss it so much.
I am a muslim born in Trinidad.
Thanks to God, I have a house and my salary is good.
I have to say that no one writes in a blog what can be written in a social network.
When was the turning point??
FOUR WOMEN IN THE PARLIAMENT
The first three parts posted so far highlight these questions
It has developed a culture of operating above the law without civilian accountability.
Why does rest of the world only watch genocide and civil war?
We hope we will be able to create a project people will listen to.
Hearing American politicians is even worse
I started to feel that everything I say will be taken against me.
Weeks before the Cup, another hashtag emerged in social media
But the tradition is now at risk.
The blog says it is shocked by such calls and seems interested in starting a discussion on the matter.
Someone you talk to every day.
He looked up and down the street.
What do you do in life, when you are not blogging?
If they want rights, maybe they should respect their host country first and hand over their weapons.
And in most cases, that will be the end of it.
ahead of the rest of the world again
This is the meaning in my opinion of foreign investment in the so called third word countries.
A group of youth has a started a union for liberal youth who believe in freedom, justice and equality.
First, he names the nuclear deal that Iran reached with the US.
They walked toward each other.
Only by having that comment featured.
The fight for Haiti is on.
In reality, the official language of is Russian only.
A widely circulated image on Facebook
In each, the site was blocked only within a certain region.
No information about the reasons for this filtering was released.
More than ever I need you by my side.
She came and did her best.
Now I follow the same example.
When did it become so difficult to see the obvious?
However, beyond education and acts of solidarity, several Strike Debt activists have a more general proposal to put forward.
But how such escape could happen?
He ended his speech with a question
Since I have French citizenship, my daughter is also a French citizen.
Here, there are only the dreams of few and the work of many.
When will China become a democratic country with a free press?
Whether it was the police or not, the serious part is what happened after.
If you see something out there, please post here.
Social and Economic Challenges in Central America currently being held in Guatemala City.
Some journalists defended his right to go there, but this is what it comes to.
The century of migration has begun
I visited the bank in March and wrote a story about the situation.
People always ask me what Iran is like.
If you read nothing else this week, read this
For this reason, Uzbekistan will continue under the same government.
We close down social media and then what.
Democracy is about political responsibility.
The Judges here are not to blame.
It is in four parts
It should be defending the city.
Can I still have love even when I have AIDS?
It is a concept still in development, in which I truly believe.
A teacher has to think about the children and not of the ways to make money...
Originally posted on Voices without Votes.
Many countries have marked their stability by the size of their middle class.
Instead, he probably has enough power to do most of what he wants.
And this makes me feel happy as a blogger.
Banner with the demands of the Syrian Revolutionary Youth reading
I always say the best thing about teaching is the students.
Another victory for yellow  Global Voices Victory for yellow in Tanzania
The plane is waiting for you.
A recent tweet from her account reads
State father, I need to get married, can you give me an apartment?
Thinking, surely, this is not really happening.
Please join me in finding out what is happening in the Sudan from bloggers in Sudan and the Diaspora.
Watching this movie is listening to those voices.
Her son, Ali, is four years old.
People inside and outside Yemen were also active on Twitter.
It is our chance to show what we believe about this issue, and make our voices heard.
The red and white is on the air.
Really the best supporters of the world
Then you must not be cut out for politics.
We are all in the same boat.
It is a matter of humanity.
It all depends on who ordered the murder.
Many cars met up on the way there and you could hear them coming.
we need somehow to understand and remember something
Parts of Bangkok were literally burning yesterday.
However, Israel is still dealing with the consequences
I believe that school make you stupid. unless you are stupid  Bahrain
Netizens have strong reaction against such content.
really sad , really sad....
This would happen to Belgrade too unless investigations start before the construction.
This is exactly the sort of change and hope that the world needs.
But you did it because it was the right thing to do.
An anonymous image widely circulated online.
I called my parents and my sister, and told them to block the page.
Below are some reactions from disappointed Saudi citizens
This is now a national issue.
News of the project reached the press.
The media began to pay attention to the case.
It is not the end of the occupation to call it this.
Residents of the capital city have been using Twitter to express their anger.
First of all there is nothing called the Egyptian language.
You can read the rest here.
This has nothing to do with what the People of Fiji want.
What town are you from, originally?
not only through his writing but also by organizing various political groups.
Since then, there is silence.
A third situation is possible.
On The Saturday Post Zambia
Sometimes the girls tell me of how difficult it is to belong to the team.
The blogger says that the first thing the Iranian government can do is to use appropriate political language.
Their website is in Japanese and English.
The music and the text are great as always
This is what the initial Navalny protest event page looks like to a user from Russia.
Online rumors easily replace facts.
It is our duty though, as Muslims, to help our fellow Christian with money if he was poor.
I got involved through my participation in a prior, related project.
Here are links to two video reports from the parade
Yesterday I was at a debate.
They all can die out and I want to stop it.
If my family comes, they will kill me.
They do not contract with any big or smaller Arab music records company.
They are afraid to speak out.
All photos used with permission.
do you really want to listen again?
This is not the first time that the government has imposed higher fuel prices.
But do you read the blogs?
Is it possible for a person who has never read a blog to determine which one deserves an award?
Apparently, this led the judge to mention something about it in the verdict.
Any lawyers in the house?
One year of violence against peaceful protesters and innocent civilians.
Everything depends on the military.
No one is accusing anyone of anything...
When did you decide to participate in Global Voices?
Tens of thousands of them.
But who to blame for this violation?
Voices From El Salvador also blogs about the news.
What do you see as the future for your generation of Cambodia?
To find out more, visit the Never Alone website.
It will be historical if the people can change the current criminal act.
One hundred years of injustice do not create rights...
It has local political meaning.
The court asked for a report to investigate the request and those sites.
The project is divided into three parts
The only thing that we raised was around regulation.
the distribution of the content would bring my parents trouble.
Citizens reacted strongly to these developments.
This is my first investment in media but I have a background in business for many years.
Maybe I will not be able to see them ever again.
In this case, the two companies will work on a solution.
The following Facebook group has been gathering Israelis to rally against the law.
Today I saw peaceful protest.
The young lady is on record saying it is a matter of principle and money.
Does it mean that Thai society has more criminals or bad people than others?
the square head fell over.
She had chosen the spot well.
Doctors, the police, teachers, politicians, journalists.
It is directed at the truly guilty, or at least those whom the powers that be consider as such.
Cameroon State of corruption The high level of corruption in Cameroon remains a great source of concern.
Do you use your native language every day?
Could you describe what have you done so far both education and work?
We do not remember this part when we have a creative mind and decide to start a business.
The Wikipedia entry on this tragedy provides more links and updates.
But Hong Kong is my second home.
Why you do not have any website or blog?
Any citizen can submit reports via SMS.
The first Christmas is as ordinary as possible.
Hunger is already a great leader.
During the development of democracy in Taiwan, there were some signs of chaos.
On my way home, I tweeted
The topics covered were very interesting.
So on with the show.
He hopes to attract as much international participation as possible.
Photo shared on social networks.
Third place is a big victory.
That was pretty late in the day already.
Then his tone becomes serious, saying
it worked out and here I am happy to do it.
But the consequences run far beyond the political.
Several bloggers such The god that failed criticized BBC Persian TV for failing to cover the demonstration in Tehran.
Maybe I need to wake up earlier in the morning and write then.
This post contains graphic images.
Protesters repeated this boycott for the rest of the week.
More than once I have started to write but given up after the first few lines.
I believe that they do.
We are working on finding out more about them at the moment.
Where would you like to see it heading?
Image by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
Keeping things in perspective, no one can keep us from celebrating today all which this moment has cost us.
People can be involved in the project by doing one of the following
She talks about this project in the following video
We are talking to each other now and I am talking a lot...
If we ban it, more people would want to see it.
No more violence was reported.
Zimbabwe needs a new political leadership with fresh ideas.
Too much tragedy for me to list.
It was not only a source of entertainment and a way to chat with friends.
Twitter users quickly reacted to the news.
And we could go further back in time.
The US ambassador has nothing to worry about.
What we want to know is the potential risk of the project.
Let me give a short introduction first
These are the questions they addressed
for us, civil society, it is very difficult to get closer to all these details.
On the issue of racism
I know all three of these bloggers.
We are off to church soon, not sure when it starts, not sure what time it is now.
So What Do They Think?
There is a huge space that even the Police can occupy on social media.
A Libyan with an Indian mother for example.
They simply could not have done this without us.
The BBC has reported on this campaign to get people to vote on the Seven Wonders of the World.
I think people everywhere can enjoy that.
Words, beautiful or not, are cheap.
Stupid statements cause attention, please leave our children out of this.
Because they are not here to protect us, but to control us at any price.
The original version of the interview can be found here.
It has been a such a big secret..
As far as I am concerned the main question is
The media has so far stood silent on the massacre.
Did you celebrate the New Year in a special way?
Second is to put forward the political demands.
And again, happy Ramadan to all.
The image used in this post is from the Free Our Brothers in Venezuela Facebook page.
The original text can be read here.
In fact, a judge issued a release order for him, but he was kept imprisoned.
However, Brazil has not established full diplomatic ties with Palestinians.
Could your sister be one of them?
The drug connection between the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico has also made headlines this year
I hope you come home this Christmas.
Image shared widely on Twitter.
The people of the country under study are passing it.
Still we cannot go with the family to watch them in this environment.
Today, he shows us the future of citizen journalism.
Will he himself be able to live up to all of this?
It is available in English, French and Spanish.
The protest was met with police force and activists were arrested, according to citizen media reports.
What will they do now after this match with Germany?
The post is in English.
Zimbabwe in photos final edition  Global Voices The story of Zimbabwe in pictures has come to an end
Below is a representative selection of posts from that time.
Problems to solve From the Summary Report before us at this Conference, a number of problems are apparent.
Be afraid, be very afraid
People imprisoned for simply posting and sharing information.
The parliamentary elections in Egypt are just around the corner.
Share your thoughts in the comments section below.
Do you know who is going to defend our rights?
The blocking technology is very simple.
Most, if not all, software development is about helping people access information.
The editor of most popular opposition daily faces charges which could send her to jail.
What are people wondering about?
Why did Bush come to Korea?
She also shared how she came up with the idea for the magazine
They are also actively using social media for their efforts.
Strange and hard to believe.
We can be within our existence and within our world most fully when we are most ourselves.
The apology came a little later, with another tweet from the artist herself
You would be shocked to find that I now make the same amount as I did as a student.
So why should I waste any more energy on this one?
The massacre has caused many reactions at both the domestic and international level.
How can a person learn Malagasy?
On Twitter there are calls to rallies in several Spanish cities asking for a return of the Republic.
Remember, tourism is always good for the locals
In Defense of Free Software
Happy for seeing justice taking place.
As this news is just breaking, the Israeli blogosphere has only begun to respond.
which is, looking around them at the world, at everything great and small.
Photo taken from her Facebook page.
Who has the right to come back to the cities?
At least, when it comes to the discussion of Obama winning because I believe he will.
In a blog post about the campaign, he wrote
The issue raised concerns from local bloggers.
Some opposition leaders already speak in such terms.
Three main candidates are running for the Chief Secretary seat.
They may have been dismissed by the national television media, but they got the attention of their intended target
But this is far from the truth.
Then he knew it was not sound, but lack of it.
At the same time, they obviously have much in common.
The response so far from the Kurdish community has been amazing.
Each is a personal opinion, and does not necessarily talk on behalf of anyone but themselves.
This is full evidence of your support for my principles.
The list of supporters included politicians, musicians and ordinary people on the media platforms.
The whole project is based on donations from people in Yemen and abroad.
Further, why did he wait until now to make public this matter?
So, what do the bloggers have to say about this?
He also learned a new Russian phrase
The Palestinian American blogger notes
Activists shared photographs on Facebook of the campaign
It has been just a busy on Twitter.
published a list of organizations that have joined the call in Spain.
Despite the violence, there have been some positive developments.
did you expect anything else?
The international community has to act now.
How do you see the future of Tunisia and the Arab Spring?
I really doubt there is a message behind it.
What concerns her most, though, is that
It is difficult to know.
Now, I am paying the price.
The big guy hit me in the face.
Image provided by the project.
This is going to help our city.
Not changing, but wearing her own clothes Russia
The show brings out the people and ideas changing our world and aims to help you understand it better.
If not, then I consider my duty to do it personally.
He put the blame on Russia again.
So we make it into the book and then what?
In addition to the Internet, other services were also cut.
What a great moment for news
to ensure that what happened to their family members does not happen again.
This goes to the heart of what is wrong.
The taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions.
Is it time to review the whole system of ELECTIONS and Democracy in the world?,
The government blocked my Internet connection.
They are well within the law to do so.
Our brothers, we need you
The petition has been promoted on Twitter
However, not all the comments are good.
what do you think of Global Voices?
There, you find tweets like the following
Here are some reactions from Twitter
I know the work I do is important.
The old part of town.
Good God, our cry has been heard at last.
how far would this unusual candidate get?
Let us not act like flooding is a strange phenomenon.
There are several new laws, but a couple that people talk about a lot.
If European Election Would Have Been Legislative...
Art is well present in Iranian blog city.
With this kind of spirit, let us journey to the future country.
On to politics, this week was very important and busy for Syria.
Seriously, what and who gives you guys that right?,
is the South African blogosphere entirely white?
I return to my first point
But we still need the support of our readers to make Global Voices a success.
I was just asking about it.
GV has been covering their activity recently.
War reporters on the ground tend to see this and experience it more.
From their perspective, however, the repression comes from foreign influence and governmental opposition.
Here are pictures for your attention.
Perhaps, only time will tell.
In its place, a new left has begun to take shape.
I am not sure whether I love it or not.
This indeed has inspired many people, such great measures are welcome in most vulnerable places, involving conflicts.
Here are the latest results
Each side knows it will have to submit to its will.
I could go abroad for one or two months if things got really bad here.
A brief post describing their release can be found here.
What a long fight we have.
Every blogger in the world should have one.
Ukrainian food seems to be available and popular all over the world.
Is the Arabic Language Dead?
When people make statements like
That seems fairly obvious to me.
Its objective is to support the youth in their own way.
Just returned from the police station, now I am free.
The return so far has been surprising, in a good way.
Very quickly, there were hundreds of visitors, mostly Congolese in the Diaspora.
Details here in a report in the Hindu.
He is a member of the Singapore Democratic Party member and a former parliamentary candidate.
In protest, citizens from various areas blocked main roads.
Hope they win de case.
It used to work fine for us
In addition, journalists from national newspapers attended for the first time.
Ukraine is more than a country currently at war with Russia or a former Soviet republic.
There is no reason for her to commit suicide.
Blogs in the News  Global Voices A local newspaper has started covering Kuwaiti blogs.
But she did not tell anyone in fear.
I also learned that there is a new life waiting at the end of the field.
If they are not arrested, the Minister of Interior should submit his resignation.
An email sent to media houses in Bangladesh reportedly read
This is the way we live.
You are stuck in thinking
Why did we agree to go along with it?
All of them disappeared from the Yemeni Internet.
This goes on all over the Gulf.
To have refused would have been political suicide.
What is new this time is that netizen has organized animal rights protest against such tradition.
Nobody expected us to be here, proud of where we have got to.
basic research and applied research.
Participants at the Square of the European Promise.
She was finally at rest in truth, of her own proud free choice.
While the Lebanese Political Journal says
Algerian authorities repeatedly use this article to silence those who criticize the state or religion.
The conflict has displaced thousands of residents across the country.
Why are you all so happy?
That is how we push the government.
It was constantly repeated during the campaign and for one reason
Macedonian Orthodox Church and the Islamic Community.
I try to give him as many normal experiences as possible.
A little less critical please
Despite this, some users supported him.
Other blogs from Thailand are still online.
Much of this is about domestic politics.
We need to speak out about this, we need to get angry, we need to help them.
Men gained almost all the access, and women were pushed away.
One issue involved Indonesian security forces which are accused of attacking the strike of mine workers.
What happened in egypt will not stay in egypt....
That would be too much
Are your planning to screen the film on your blog?
I demand that this copy of historic facts should reach every Indian house.
As with most matters involving cricket, this has been a great topic of discussion throughout the Caribbean.
It shows to what extent people are engaged in the discussion of a specific topic.
In her decision, she stated
In short it may mean that we all SHUT UP
To Vote, or Not To Vote?
What is the central theme of the book?
it was as if the fate of Pakistan were to be decided by each other.
He did not look at them now.
For some of us it is less, for some of us it is more.
today with technology, one can effectively work from anywhere...
If not now then when?
What do you use it for?
and almost everything that can go wrong on a trip does.
We did not have so many volunteer groups at that time.
There are two major topics.
What are the reactions of Thai residents who are not directly involved in the political crisis?
Global Voices The issue was also covered by other media in Lima.
He is reportedly in hospital now.
This one was my favorite
He reported the incident in his Twitter
I have full confidence in you.
Exactly how are you meant to figure out how to help them?
The maximum jail time is three years.
This case is just one in many
I had to go see it before I left.
If nothing else works, ignore each other.
Some Twitter users were angry
Low quality of higher education...
Men feel free to wear a dress
However, it is not the working language of the federal government.
And Baghdad Girl has inspired one young Iraqi to start a similar blog
He has published a few photos to support his idea.
We all love to suffer, but some of us love to suffer more than others.
however, the Prosecution will be given the opportunity to state the facts as they see them.
Back in Afghanistan every day brings worse news.
Foreign policy is the total involvement of the American people with peoples and governments abroad.
And this story is about that.
It will also be illegal for anyone to campaign for gay rights in the country.
Pay them enough to support the local economy.
How much they want to know?
In order to understand more clearly
Indians are the community most widely spread around the world.
So we decided to ask.
Identity politics makes us truly stupid.
My god, the film is so good.
Trinidad and Tobago time today.
At this point, I knew what I needed to do.
One Weibo user explained the system and impact in detail
Mainstream media the Post reported the story
Protected by lines of civilians.
What is the date today?
The police later charged on the them.
Social media without human involvement can be compared to a beautiful car without a driver
Critical Mass is completely independent of any political parties, organisations or movements.
But the US has its own problems in the area.
But more was on the way.
At last, he signed off his message saying
You journalists need to know this.
This is quite new to us Nigerians.
They are not handed down from above.
We can help the development of education by our own efforts.
My biggest wish is to have the...
Someone blocked the door from inside.
This is not how things will change.
Such measures, he added, are for benefit of users and the public.
That was when real clashes began.
He says it might not be such a bad thing if the secret language becomes a little less secret.
When asked about this, our source answers
I wanted an art piece.
My mother and father give me the courage to keep going.
However, the government of Egypt sees otherwise.
There is no doubt that these types of events are a great opportunity to experience new things.
She keeps this from happening.
The festival is one of the most famous and significant cultural celebrations in Myanmar.
At present, Iran is second only to China in the number of sites it has blocked.
You are free to write whatever you want on your blog.
All links without are in English.
Still people stuck and cannot get out.
All we have is anger.
But the government got an idea.
I set it up for fun.
And I see nothing new, every day is the same
They begin to eat, drink and have fun in the morning.
As you can see its more than that.
Thank you for your cooperation
Iraq started providing social services to its citizens that were unprecedented in the middle east.
Wrong, at least in Hong Kong.
I bought a new little foreign bomb.
It goes till the Far East.
If you spot the groups, please report them
I wonder why something that somewhere else is very cheap could cost so much her.
At times, when homeless people sleep on the road, the police comes and take them away.
Find those who spread it.
In recent times, numerous cases have caught the attention of print media.
What will happen to me or my child...
Of those, some planned to move further, toward cities in the European Union.
The group Beirut Heritage Community also urged action to stop the project
There might still be hope.
At this point I want to ask these questions
Most people I met in Iran would confirm this figure.
There is a saying in Syria goes
This present flood is definitely not a natural disaster.
After the show, I was determined to meet him.
At least five students were arrested.
On Twitter, many have expressed concern and worry
The dispute turned into a big fight.
This is one of the rare training opportunities students spend at least an hour each day online and learn.
The US and European Union have condemned the verdict.
We are here for that and everything.
There is much that we can learn from what he represented.
Iranians took to the streets across their country to celebrate.
He also included a couple of pictures
Haiti is still dealing with the aftermath of a debt that it should have never had to pay.
The video is my wrong.
a great advantage to them
Local media called this Defense Minister
but most people have access to none.
We need to find balance between the freedom of speech and the control over dangerous content.
What is your message for them?
You need answers to four important questions.
GROW UP ALREADY and BE A REAL CITIZEN
I think that, in a way, this also raised awareness of other people.
Journalists across the country should protest.
Surprised by State TV view of Tahrir
The clashes ended with tens of deaths and thousands injured.
Day, I hope and pray we will learn the lessons Dr. King taught us.
The image used in this post is courtesy Jamaica Blog Action Day.
His last tweets, from six hours ago, are
Observers from several countries were brought in to make sure that the elections were held in a fair manner.
Sounds like a great idea to me.
The Committee to Protect Bloggers also has its say on the matter here.
Have you been to different parts of Egypt?
As early as Tuesday, Girl With a Purpose was posting updates to her blog
For more on the conversation on Twitter, check out the hashtags
And really, no one wanted to fight in such heat.
But the special court does not allow the victims family to appeal.
Or do you need special conditions?
The search for the criminal has begun.
Twitter users remembered the date
He explains what inspired the blog on the about page.
Be a role model for other Kurdish youth.
They just want to defend family values.
Kenyans had come to Uganda with little to lose and not much to gain.
We are worried sick about his life.
Do they have any idea how people work and how it may affect their work??
Who are they, and what is the Media saying?
And this is the most challenging.
We were shocked by what we saw there.
Image provided by Citizen News.
It is not interested in peace.
And my mother works for this and that institution?
This seems like a critical failing of American policy
Tell me the story of your last name.
For me there remains one question, just this issue
And I will do everything to find the truth and a trial.
Photo taken from Wikimedia Commons Sri Lanka
There is always a danger in focusing on injustice in another culture.
We used LiveJournal to publish our main articles.
But companies continued to spring up.
She believes that his detention will last for at least a few days.
I mean bloggers that just talk about their own towns?
It only seems as if they did.
We have not had such problem.
a second post will follow.
I hope that we all will survive, but the world will not stay the same.
I will not mention his name here, he does not deserve to be known.
You can actually benefit from the situation.
to read his opinions, see here.
Below are some of the initial responses, translated from Russian.
Below are some of the responses on Twitter
We are equally responsible to ensure STATE Accountability to protect the human rights of ALL and not SOME
This is a complicated question.
The Times of India confirmed the incident
What will the Caribbean actually get out of it?
Basically, a lot of meat.
These formed and met for the first time at the assembly and they are setting up future meetings.
Maybe, we can meet there to share some common thoughts.
We all have family and friends on each of those island countries.
It seems like, you know, that I met an old friend.
The topic of the second panel discussion was
Did these reports become evidence of his crime?
Haiti Aid Map The Haiti Aid Map provides detailed information on the current humanitarian and aid efforts in Haiti.
The number of blogs is higher.
Traveling around the world is always an opportunity for internal change.
I was ten years old.
The coalition, though, based its entire campaign on blogs, facebook, and Twitter.
The most recent incident that Twitter has played in, occurred few days ago.
It just feels good to say happy independence day Libya
Outrage directed at African leaders was also not far behind
Perhaps someone out there knows of one?
For them fighting is not only with a gun.
Basically, if there is some article connected with ICT or something like that I translate it.
The rest of my children look for any type of work that they can find.
Many netizens appeared to share this concern.
Check out the whole post, her photos and videos.
If the facts are confirmed, the three NGOs consider that
But he was never convicted, and thus later returned to his position in Congress.
This is not to deny that there are legitimate concerns.
He also posts about a Kurdish party that he recently attended.
I feel sorry for people who really believe Europe will help.
He is not the first nor the last to be sentenced on politically motivated charges.
We see them every day.
It is not the case for Miguel, of course, who still goes through life selling things.
Some of them are in the most remote parts of the country, where there are no other schools.
it needs a political one.
But how he says them
Let me reflect on that for a minute...
Perhaps I am not ready to take in all of the tragedy that happened.
At press time, there were around a hundred participants with more showing interest.
Born a president to a president ...
The report shows the different ways in which artists got together and prepared the art intervention.
Animal rights  Global Voices Thoughts.
I know my purpose, my purpose is
What are the reactions of Filipino bloggers?
For far better propaganda, have a look at their social media pages and just see how they hate you.
Yet this much is clear
We have to be honest, brother.
All these concerns may be true, but this was once said about the novel, radio, and TV.
If only because of that, the King will be forced to open the system one way or another.
Thanks for our walk today, see you next week.
Why did they question these kids?
Many people consider us lucky and, for the most part, we are.
But comments on the posters are no longer coming from just bloggers and Twitter users.
When you are prepared and you have taken the right measures, there is less danger.
This is on the one hand.
If we value who we are, we should remind them.
It was a good performance against Serbia.
A family you can trust.
There are thousands of videos and pictures available online for anyone to see.
More protests, deaths and military shows of force followed.
It is something which most of us try to get out from under.
And so began conversation that was to last for hours, until one of them asked me
The country as a whole remains peaceful.
Used following a Creative Commons license.
Students also conduct research into the state of law.
However, we would like everyone to participate in this process and have as much fun as possible.
How much does it cost?
It should last us the whole day.
A strike that turned into a civil war...
Why should I worry about what people say?
This is law that launched the crackdown on Internet freedom in Russia.
Those on Twitter also have problems finding information coming from the city.
However, they can surely use the date of birth and email address as secondary sources in court.
The elections are real close.
This whole thing probably happened because of social media
Why are they not celebrating in the streets as has been the case in the past?
The future could be worse.
To be honest, how many times can you play the same kind of card?
The participation of many activists and supporters of the Green Movement may indicate two things.
I really loved that man.
If the reason is a then I will be a very happy person.
Family members, who requested to remain anonymous, expressed concerns about his health.
I recently had the chance to interview him.
This country needs . For five years, no longer...
The blogger also makes a point about Internet censorship.
The more people read the posts of people like Lee, the bigger the conversation gets.
They all have something in common.
Is this going to do anything to solve the problem?
She posts some pictures of the event.
Since then, the Twitter hashtag has gone global.
The US sex worker movement has a lot to learn from Indian activists.
What does the Fiji military police know about technology?
my photo is perfect and pretty although I am alone.
On my way home, I was wondering why there were lots of people in the park.
Even daily life here is a challenge.
the truth will soon come out
You really think you can put all the issues aside just by making some comments?
The majority of comments do not appear on a search.
If we believe in something, we must be brave enough to fight and take a stand for it.
Obama is the kind of leader we need in this world.
When learning a foreign language communication is crucial.
Over the past year, the site has developed rapidly.
Tomorrow everyone has the day off.
I did not want that at all.
You can see now that young artists in Iran are able to find ways to express themselves.
Still the Iraqis turned out to vote.
Both parties have complained of increased pressure from government in the run up to the March vote.
You can learn about it here.
tells readers not to worry too much about the state of emergency
A graphic video shared on YouTube reportedly captured the moments after set himself on fire.
Eight of ten people calling for help are being prevented from receiving it.
Not in this country, not at this time.
Later, I chose to write and report with pictures as much as possible, instead of just telling stories.
They let a hundred, two hundred relatives in at once.
Be sure to join us online today for Day Two
Sudan Protest Started, Photo Update From the Protest.
His supporters believe that he won the election.
Not a journalist, not a journalist.
When and to what extent?
Caribbean American Forum notes that
Every year their campaign become more successful.
everyone is talking about them.
I just wanted to express my democratic right for once.
It failed also in Lebanon.
This is part of the reason I cannot look away.
In Salvador, protesters faced much violence in a march that began peaceful.
More and more people there and so different...
Others have simply gone silent.
He urged for a closer relationship between science and religion.
Thanks to a Persian blog new reporter I came to know this blog
Perhaps you could begin by giving me a little background on yourself.
It was just too out of the blue and too sudden to be a success, I thought.
But on social media, netizens were more open with their criticism.
But, I never said that my blog was a Nigerian blog.
What shall these effects be??
I guess I do too and would have disappointed you many a time.
who are the political prisoners?
The need for African news generated by Africans goes back to creating our own identity and stories.
Everyone finds something wrong in your body when you get old, for example your eyes.
I just wanted to share with my friends the reactions of common people on that road accident.
Nine activists were arrested during the peace march.
There are a great number and variety of private commercial schools, trade schools and technical schools.
So, we have one more political prisoner.
All this is independent of my position on the matter.
Azerbaijan is a dangerous place for journalists who challenge the system.
She passed away in her apartment in Belgrade.
She has no face, no name.
He was so happy that we could afford it.
I did the best I could.
Photos from Free more news.
Authorities have also commented on the game.
They are saying something about an explosion.
When you read me, you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts.
But they have also been criticized for their reporting on human rights.
Its relation with the society?
we have to solve these problems in order to live a better life.
Our goal is to help get this child treated in the United States of America.
Voting stations opened across the country.
According to Free Malaysia Today
We have seen the price of that
many of them do not live long after their release.
It will also happen in the future.
Japanese social media reaction to this treatment of their history has been positive so far.
It is a good summary of my day.
As we know the sports could be very political.
He is not like other boys his age whose parents take care of them.
The group has an advocacy blog for recording their activities.
The users can set up blogs first to issue the resources.
Well, these are the times when people like you win.
That is not the question.
But I would never go to a rally like that.
and in general social commentary.
The verdict and first reaction spread on Twitter.
someone who knew what he was about.
I only kept very small items that I could carry with me.
Working for peace Recently the secretary of the Friends Committee on National Legislation was interviewed on the air.
The traffic was rising at very high speed.
Get your act together, people
Remember this tweet I sent out more than three months ago.
most people are not familiar with blogging.
Both of the accounts are highly controversial.
Bloggers engaged in a debate on this issue.
They found their family members living in terrible conditions.
It was in that job that I got involved with the Puerto Rican independence movement and political prisoners.
People there have no food.
Journalists and activists were the first to arrive at the scene.
This is a real democracy by which the constitution passed.
On one hand, he has absolute control of all of the institutions of the state.
And I think that, truly, if it was also their thing, why is it not in their own language?
I have a lot of time there which I have spend.
Could the President of the Central University of Venezuela be an anonymous reader?
And his advice to students
God, how many people knew it before now?
Facebook did not take any direct action in response.
She wanted to spread the word and I told her immediately that I would translate it.
What countries do they live in?
Global Voices Advocacy has previously reported on the block here.
The date has yet to be decided.
She says and hopes that this movement will shame the attitude not the word.
Our daughter was in a different school, thank God.
How is it going to fit us?
I have decided to be very organised with my baby shopping.
The following day, there were different reactions to the event.
Most of these children go to Russian schools.
The whole process can take many months.
The future will include more of that.
Are you ready to try?
There are many others like me.
How could she not give her some food and water?
I do not have anything greater than this in my life.
From the racial point of view works just perfect.
This is what I, a true Kyrgyz, believe.
In response to the outcome of the action, the indigenous people stated in the document
It also deserves that you think for a minute and ask yourself
Bringing money into Afghanistan, whether through aid or investment, is one thing.
Most of the time she was only able to talk one or two words.
Below are some photos of individuals who have already joined the campaign
As detailed in the report
I think the teacher was right.
The woman encouraged her to get out.
The majority is not always right, that is a fact.
These two things are equal.
How would we divide this between us?
is caught up in fighting that he has no role in.
It is known throughout history.
A television channel can oppose policies.
She has a new husband now, and she has a baby.
Well done, my dear young sister.
Plane crash in Central Cuba.
Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Indigenous Rights.
He was detained without an explanation or reasons for his arrest.
There was no need to inform all to avoid trouble with the male half.
And she continues with a criticism of the limits on access to information
When the USA leaves also I think other countries will try to be stronger in Iraq.
I will know to hope.
and she made a bad choice.
first, he discusses the numbers game that the local press always plays with these large demonstrations.
Do you think she thought about other issues of race and culture?
People have taken to the streets.
My love for my parents is so deep.
If you can help, please let me know.
And most bloggers in Brunei agreed.
They say that one day someone decided to run for president.
Kim tweeted  Sri Lanka
We get water about once every three days.
The future belongs to God.
I have heard about the conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan, but I have never felt it.
The poor stay poor and the rich stay rich.
After a break he joined the rescue work again.
These are programs that have taken journalism to a level that is close to art.
How families can survive and enjoy life?
They both showed their strength to us, we must to the same in return.
He was on the front line of dangerous situations including violence happening around parliamentary elections and church attacks.
The grounds for the unprecedented request
Another Twitter user wrote in solidarity
His tweet came after some African leaders accused the court of targeting African leaders
A whole lot of sense.
Which part of your job is your favorite, and why?
Her tweet concerned an online video
The Wealth of the newly established city comes from oil.
I will give you one example
I personally never believed they were true.
But were only men to blame for this state of affairs?
They did the right thing.
The best time of the day
You can develop your interest into a career.
You must keep the big picture in mind.
Am I missing something here?
That Ramadan seems to make everyone an expert on Islam, and a great Muslim.
I teach Arabic to high school students in the United States.
I hope the truth shall be known.
Thanks for following us today
At the same time, some even noted that it only followed the official accounts of the Azerbaijani president.
How did they pass through the border?
According to the report Freedom on the Net
Do you see a better alternative?
The next step is to
The campaign has since ended, falling short of its goal.
Sometimes I also blogged stories that were never used by my publication.
From Brazil to the World
It is possible that many will not show up for the election.
Then Mubarak gave a speech at night.
And it is not to be made by politicians.
Two were already confirmed dead.
She writes about her friends and teachers who did not survive.
They build the infrastructure in exchange for the natural resources that they are of course in need of.
I engaged more and more in religious activities.
Is he hurt or in any kind of physical pain?
This could change at any moment.
Cultural products are not public products, there is no reason for financial support from the government.
You can watch that episode here.
Following the incident, the same blog commented on this particular case
for the ones who enjoy writing, that problem is not an issue.
And why does tragedy always hurt the most vulnerable of people?
So there must have been a lot of planning before the day finally arrived.
Everybody seems to accept his state without offering to help.
All it takes is baby steps..
Would we have even liked her more then?
The nature of discussions is interesting.
This text is republished by Global Voices.
This post is part of our special coverage
And the Chinese men feel quite bad in a way.
Since William is still in school until this week, he was unable to go and attend the conference.
But let us also not be more tough on ourselves than we need to be.
However, the construction site remained empty for the next three years.
He got up slowly, and she was already on her feet, and he stood facing her.
This email group has a simple task but it is a massive one.
Many of them are already in Shanghai, where the conference located.
You work long hours for little money.
Open war against Ukrainian citizens was announced.
Today, they are all free.
Why do they hate us so much?
Her post is a blow by blow account of the situation.
I call the press service.
I talked to my father and convinced him about my stance and my rights.
The blogger also explained that the policy is protecting the interest of local governments
National pride in its full force while all stand still.
Two events have been organized so far and the third should be coming up soon.
I love the peace campaign....
We do not favor one field over another
But his peace work did not take the form of activism alone.
It remains unknown how many students remain in detention.
In an initial post, Wild at Heart wrote addressing the MPs
He thought it was beautiful.
He never refused to help.
However, the blog notes, the country and even the opposition have since moved on.
In one tweet of many
Published on Facebook, used with permission.
Then I sat down and put text and images together.
If you read only one post this week read this
But being a woman, traveling alone in Baghdad has its problems.
Made in the Arab World.
Most recently, I became a Respect Jamaica youth ambassador.
I had to leave my country just to be able to live another day.
Over the past couple days Facebook has been used to host discussions within profile pages and group pages.
A father from Vietnam asked netizens to help his missing daughter.
Perhaps that would be the end this time too.
He had a short, heavy, powerful body.
How and why was it launched?
May your child rest in peace.
But it would be nice to have some evidence.
She simply said, you can test negative or you can test positive and you are positive
So assassination may be associated with . However, it may be associated with the fighting in Ukraine.
the minute I read it I remember the old regime that only showed its power on its people.
It seems to me that video is able to capture attention better than text.
It was officially launched last March.
As I said already, I talk a lot to politicians and IT industry experts.
I thought that was all and they were done with torture.
More on the story here.
It would have been better the other way around.
some Sudanese stand with you....
Will it matter who the President is?
I watched this boy grow up.
Here are the reactions from Twitter
She said, her voice rising.
But this potential remains largely unknown in Europe and in France.
Why should our higher learning and computer learning be in a foreign language?
All individuals mentioned above gave express permission to be quoted by Global Voices.
it would be just like him.
What do you hope to achieve in blogging?
In early June ten million young men registered by name and number.
Long Live a Free Puerto Rico.
I have not felt this happy in a very long time.
The corruption scandal has sparked widespread protests across the country.
will you take part in the election?
Here are a few reactions from the Lebanese blogosphere concerning the upcoming elections.
It starts here with all of us.
What does this language represent and mean to you?
It is important to walk along with the world.
Global Voices Image courtesy Wikimedia Commons.
and asks that he be given a chance to prove himself
Then I called her myself.
We were there last September, last May and the year before, in December.
The blogger goes on to explain
I have trust on my Prime Minister, especially as a teacher of an independent university.
Please keep an eye on the above mentioned citizen media sources to get the latest updates.
If you face an assault, report it to the police or the women commission.
And this was a tragedy for her.
and another which I discovered recently
text, photos, and even videos.
But maybe they were just convinced by these stories that the regime has been telling them
This is how the organization describes it on their website
Here is a blog about contemporary art on and off the continent of Africa.
Iranian Bloggers and Nuclear Question
It is not about politics.
The post has attracted many angry comments, such as
We need to use social media to create and be the media, us, the people.
There are also people who want to create conflicts.
Another group has created a petition to gather signatures from the Ethiopian online community.
Thank you for the story
needs a lot of time, but it is the price pay.
Their lives were destroyed in jail.
And much more where that came from.
Barbados Free Press thinks so.
The Hong Kong government should be responsible for such conflict.
A man loved by a large number of people
There are many who on this very day cannot be facing the same.
Independence Day Awards  Global Voices Today is Independence Day in Barbados.
The little we could do, but there will be more to come.
This has led to an increasing number of senior citizens being forced to live alone.
This has affected thousands of hotel workers and their families.
The association reported in its research
Unlike other European countries, Ukraine is in a particular situation
One of them asked me for my name and continued
There are at least tens of thousands on Weibo.
As mentioned above, the Georgian government has been active with social media for some time.
And they have received recognition.
The police and the security officers were just standing there watching him.
Someone tell him there was a huge protest yesterday
It power necessary to exercise politics?
follow the money to that.
How do they do it?
This army that bombs us day and night.
We all deserve those sanctions, we should all be part of this.
Another girl said that she wanted to be a doctor to serve her country.
How can we avoid a time when Egypt gets hit by a water crisis?
Save The Uganda Museum Campaign.
It is indeed a controversial project.
How do we know where the money you collect will go?
All regional news sources were following the story.
In practice, this means very little for the rights of the Armenian citizens.
They should be all over it.
Bloggers can be so different from each other, but most of them have one thing in common
Two years ago, I wrote a post about how you can help Syrian refugees.
I think so too, and I have always expressed this point of view whenever I take the floor.
For many, it remains very difficult to access information in lay terms in their language.
To vote or not to vote
There are signs this is starting to happen.
I was happy after his speech.
If it continues on this course, one thing is for certain
People of the world should not worry about the earth hour, India has got it all covered
I wish people could wait to see both or even multiple sides of a story.
Difficult is just how life is in Yemen, yesterday, today and every day.
So I delivered my son to prison.
Who had better things to do?
Development should be economic and social, with rights for all.
Global Voices The Kenya Democracy Project puts up a long post about Kenyan women who blog.
One by one, they fell.
All the air time was filled with politicians.
That is despite the facts that
People want to hear alternative voices.
Everyone can see what the government is doing to the city.
Some of The Things I Love About Ramadan In Kuwait
The fundamental problem is the system itself.
I hope my vote will contribute my country in some way.
I saw her this morning.
I have nothing to say to them.
This is likely to be welcomed beyond Havana.
Is that why we work so hard?
He sees his work as an opportunity to make a better Russia for its own people.
Basically, how will the coming presidential election be conducted in Armenia?
This means that the national museum is a centre of learning about Ugandan life, culture and heritage.
An audience member gave a nice summary about the use of the Internet for activism.
How to explain the strange silence in the face of the biggest human right issue?
The list can be found here.
When will YouTube be available again in Thailand?
This blog was shut down after just one day.
And if you get sick, ask the teacher to let you come home early.
To be continued in part two.
The episode sparked a debate on Twitter about freedom of expression.
Does it look like there was a big battle here?
Community protests have emerged against some development projects.
As for the strike itself
Or that he died of a sudden heart attack?
Hope the Congress party gives you a key cabinet post.
More stuff by the group here and here.
She has officially become mainstream.
But not everyone is so critical of the Web site.
She has a good job, and she is doing well in her career.
The Haitian Blogger did a good job of posting regular updates with critical information
I DEMAND TO HAVE A PASSPORT.
If you ask if it still is of any benefit
His family moved around somewhere and his friends are either people he ran into or he used to know
Right now, there are a thousand people living there.
We need help to get these men out of their present situation.
deserve a great vote of thanks.
Want to wait for more international media houses to pick up the story?
The seven party alliance needs the safety of the House.
We are going to say to the world
Her husband died, leaving her with eight boys and girls.
The new bill would allow authorities to block websites that attempt to sell goods by electronic means.
People are not truly aware of the place they live in.
Everything is in your hands, you can do it too.
Social media has helped sharing activities gain in popularity.
There have been two recent sets of demonstrations, each over very different issues.
I have no support for these kinds of protests.
In the first, addressed in late May, he said
The murder took place in downtown Moscow, minutes from the Kremlin, on a bridge south of the Red Square.
And what is the Minister of Communication and Information Technology up to?
The death of a man is unique, and yet it is universal.
So typical, in fact, that every province has their own version.
The second challenge was a lack of live coverage of the protests in the electronic media.
All these negative factors are also repeated in domestic employment.
why do we not feel that pride?
he stayed for a year and went back to Syria.
Aside from its website, it also has Facebook and Twitter accounts.
Once a leader said to me
Open source is critical but also not easy.
Our law and policy ensure freedom of speech.
This happens not only in blogs, but in letters in the newspapers as well.
Therefore, if you want to have a popular blog, you have to constantly write and say something.
The food had arrived, and something seemed a little strange.
you know what is going on around you.
If you are here, you are well aware.
Why all countries around the world did not immediately condemn the attack?
His family, of course, can contact him on either number.
By then, however, the situation changed.
He told me he had called them later that night and had spoken with them for nearly two hours.
however, the site is currently maintained by a group of volunteers from different cities.
Besides, every individual can choose whatever name he or she likes.
However, another reader of the service, believes that the students were forced to go
Now, foreigners will start coming again, as though nothing has happened.
Sometimes it turns out to be impossible, but so what?
You can see the full video below
International actors have entered the conflict.
But censorship can never go too far for some.
It was dark, like a grave.
I know Palestinian people in this area and I know how much they suffer.
I may not have known the man or did I through his music?,
His wish to break from the past is clear when he writes
There are many more people in this situation, they are among the thousands.
As Christians, we could not play ignore that and just care about our own lives.
Though no one should have been surprised.
I had few hopes, and lots of fears.
First it takes more to create than the energy produced.
In my opinion, every language is as equal as the next.
The first article explained the huge digital divide in the country.
Both bloggers continued to give updates as regularly as they could.
Yet, I am positive I heard the PM say ...
We are going to do something.
Also, a past highlight of the Serbian version of the show.
That one was a , the rich one.
Even before people went to cast their votes there has been a heated debate about the elections.
Six days later the protests continue.
And additional word of advice
Besides the many political and ethnic implications of the riots, an important question is
These images are stories of my won experiences.
There is a controversy over the current number of members and the people who are fighting with them.
Do i expect change after this election?
just because they are LGBT?
Did someone pay you a visit?
The website has been censored many times.
As are the good ones
And now for something important.
What is that all about?
We highlighted the mixed reactions of many Indians about this movie in an earlier post in Global Voices.
Later, their children are taught to follow authority without questions, and after all they learn to do the same.
The buildings are mostly Georgian.
Any body ready for that?
Fans were concerned about performance at the next World Cup, which is due to take place in Russia
Do you actually think so?
We aim to get high quality content in as many languages as we can.
Another reader explained how the Vietnamese migrants get to Moscow
The readers follow up with an interesting discussion in their comments on the post.
the popular blogging platform Blogger.
I always believe that the source of Middle East problem is the USA.
But what was the story??
Both figures would go higher in later years.
Use the technology as a tool to tell better stories.
The guy claimed he will never again commit an act like this one.
The government also said intervention was necessary to improve the performance of Indonesian football.
Instead he is sending his Foreign Minister.
She thinks about what she should do now, and whether she should continue blogging or not.
The end result is this interview that I share with you today.
The hashtag was trending during the night of the attacks.
After a while, we decided to walk back..
We are a brave people and we will fight.
Do bloggers hold the key to the future of investigative journalism?
but where do we really draw the lines?
What should the poor people do?
That could calm markets for a while.
Since there are only a few of us, we band together.
She explains how this has affected her blogging
We have freedom to love the country and freedom to hate the country.
Users around the world have visited the site, from the following countries
What do you think of that?
This, however, did not happen.
Well, it is a country that is very small.
Nobody can be that stupid, nobody.
we have very little gas left.
Accident or not, the pain of the people is clear.
The biggest fraud in the history of Iraq.
As usual catch me here every week.
Is it going to be all right?
What should be public, will be public.
Feel free to add more.
It is a national holiday and the visiting and celebration continues.
Read the next essay in the series
We wonder legally who the current owners of the land are.
the right to practice religion and follow the Jewish faith.
Indeed, the biggest one of these actions is already starting.
Will Chen lose support and influence if he leaves China?
The government, America or the European Union?
We only have to look for it.
The right to be forgotten EU statistics on internet privacy.
Shared on Facebook by the movement of same name.
More details can be found here.
There are many who broke the law but have not been arrested or had their homes surrounded by police.
Too many people labour behind the scenes and do not get recognition.
We can read about it.
That could be an area of popular culture worth investigation.
If anything, the response I expected was to come from the original poster.
Please feel free to ask questions by leaving a comment or by sending an email through our Contact Form.
In an article published on Hong Kong Free Press, he wrote
Some netizens were worried that such practice is the beginning of political censorship.
Can a Revolution be Censored?
The station itself is Russian.
But back to the game.
This is the first year of dance class at South East High School.
What three issues or concerns do you feel most impact Cambodia as a country?
I, myself have a particular account of my own participation in National Day events.
Welcome Michael, can you please tell us a little bit about yourself?
Is anywhere in the world like here?
Global Voices Mohammed writes about a phenomenon that he feels has gone too far.
We can tax and spend like there is no tomorrow.
The road ahead is long.
But China is also an important partner.
What do you think about this?
He also shared how he came about doing what he is doing now.
Where in Europe was he going now??
In some cases, many years later.
What explanation is behind these unlikely voters?
What can we learn from this?
Well, what can I say?
Social networks have captured information and a variety of comments on the topic.
My heart goes out to parents who have more than one student going back to school.
Netizens focus on talking about politics and express their opinions.
One hot topic that always comes around ever Ramadan is the shows.
No one else is going to do any of this but you.
A lot of photos from the last few days protests can be found here and here.
The alternative was war, the alternative was more sanctions.
which party would ignore at least tens of thousands of potential votes?
It is necessary to teach the people a healthy way of life through small steps like this.
to not say anything about the competition, neither good, nor bad.
The post also described his work
And we showed it very clearly.
We are home, alive and in one piece.
Free networks with Free Software, on the other hand, promote just the opposite
He writes that beating up women by the police women is the real disaster Persian.
The festival is another year.
So is anyone willing to march for her?
If You Lost Your Job...
It was posted on Twitter
prevent acts that affect political stability and the investigation.
The farmers are the silent class.
The tools bloggers will be using
These are the acts of destruction.
I make myself run to the car.
However they will finally have to leave it...
She had always been able to ignore the moral question because there had been no choice.
Iranian TV There are other bloggers who are busy with other issues.
Someone explain this to me...
We need to trust each other.
With most of his mind he was happy.
We have to save the Earth.
That is an important difference.
She wonders why the authorities allow such advertising.
There is time to hear yourself think.
Which from my experience is absolutely true.
We can make change as well.
He had plenty of work to do.
Therefore they cannot shut down any event.
March is the month of Blog About Jordan day.
Blog Reviews  Global Voices An entire blog devoted to mostly Indian blog reviews and interviews with bloggers
This post presents a set of typical initial reactions to this news.
People should take responsibility for what they say.
Citizens followed the voting closely and the elections were widely discussed on citizen media platforms and social networks.
Do you want her here?
As at the time of publishing, Minister Khan had not yet made any formal apology for his statements.
We had the need to further develop the theme and give it to meet the people.
In short, Africa is celebrating.
There is some research saying that supposedly it would lead to a similar result.
He has posted some of the questions sent by his readers
Far too many people in the World have none of these rights.
I walk without looking back.
Everybody is born with a number everyday.
We need to speak out against it now, while we still can.
I myself was among those who used them.
His family has a business and a big house.
I would like to celebrate the national day.
But even then, I loved it...
First, I will never become a president.
In Twitter there were many tweets related to the picture
How are they supposed to be Nigerians?
This is the second part of the series.
Not fire until the bombs came down
To balance it out, the Nothing Else Matters...
Some on Twitter began by offering their best wishes and support.
The tragedy with this country is we have failed to implement basic ideas.
To do this, drivers must provide their contact information.
Who worked in the background?
The officials have also set up a national bank account called the Hungarian Relief Fund.
I think it is very important.
This year, the strategy seems to be working.
I thank everyone who took part in fighting for our freedom as well as our families and friends
local government said no one died in the protest.
Blogger adds that several workers in prison has started hunger strike.
The main opposition TV channel reported being taken off air.
How can that be sexual harassment?
And what is their fate?
Not many are aware of blogs.
I always think of it every time I eat Japanese food.
Your work is helping me to accept myself little by little...
His father tried to make the food a topic.
I will not stop my hunger strike until
even if we do, we do not know what to do or how to go about it.
Vietnamese people are at heart very kind and easy going people.
Get well soon, Michael  Soviet History
The nature of the first victim says it all.
Authorities asked them about their work and their relationship with Privacy International.
What do they get for their money?
He also noted the rising number of internet users in the country Poland
Then I explained it to my parents, who are politically engaged and highly educated people, and they said
How did you process that?
the Georgian blogger asks on Twitter.
According to the Association of Single Mothers Singapore blog
In some aspects the country was far ahead of its time and Western European trends.
These kids explained how they felt like they knew America based on their game experience.
And the same thing will happen again and again.
There are many great bloggers out there, many of them have come to be good friends at one point.
Not all bloggers are as critical, though.
What is like to leave Cambodia and study in a different country?
he says he would like more of them to join Twitter and other social networks.
They give us a taste of the different ways that Venezuelan literature could go in the years ahead.
Are my kids going to die?
My wedding is in a few days.
More than a dozen more were injured.
It was a violent crackdown planned at the highest levels of the Egyptian government.
At Global Voices, in addition to these questions, we ask ourselves
Is it time for the mass but little severe protests?
What laws are they speaking of?
What does Thai context mean?
And how do you get ready?
Here is the story of walk to work protests in photos.
how important this date is to the Libyan people.
The amount of the current suffering caused by the earthquake cannot possibly be known right now ...
When we believe, We Achieve.
Respect out of love and respect out of fear are two very different things.
They look so young, because they were.
Is Twitter Good for Democracy?
What happened with Venezuelan cooperation?
What and who was blocked?
Bahrain has a long history of student movements.
If there is no respect amongst our top leadership for the Constitution, then there is no Rule of Law.
Is Uganda the land of plenty?
Here are some key highlights from the leaked report as published in The Island
may lead to five years in jail.
He notes it is just a single decision by the Interior Minister.
Where do I go from here??
It was from this controversial referendum the current tension around the elections began.
Where is justice, humanity and rights?
Personally I do not like to use the word terrorism.
and my children might wonder if I felt the same about them.
How so, if it is?
Today the Christian faith finds itself attacked on all sides by dark forces
May who the one chosen by the majority win.
At least based on my experiences there.
we will fight for our country and overcome these forces.
I wonder what else will be female only
Since he was running for president of Georgia, there was a lot of work to be done.
I could just see through the band over my eyes.
The RuNet seems to bear out both of these feelings.
many came from Communist countries.
Topics are becoming more universal and more focused upon the urban reality.
During the war, the only good Vietnamese people were the dead ones.
Very few people are walking in the streets and no children are seen anywhere.
What do you think of the image of Congo abroad?
The problem began with US.
Bloggers and everyone else have less direct control over this change.
Not a word from the late night talk shows?
Before that, he wanted to talk to the neighbors.
To read more about the flood situation in the Philippines, Global Voices offers these articles
Excuse me, why do we deserve this, as a group?
I hope our foreign friends understand this.
Let the Internet be a nation or country of itself
Will you even be able to answer all these questions?
Google Earth, courtesy of Human Rights Watch.
Also on Global Voices Online
And Pakistan too, this time
However, not everyone is on the side of The Post newspaper.
When Global Voices spoke to one of the detainees via a phone app, he explained
Picture taken from their Facebook page.
She wrote more about that in her post
I tend to write that way.
I see him with the same clothes he had on.
Our movement also has Putin supporters.
A page on Facebook dedicated to the show is also celebrating the anniversary.
Why is the registration of children so important for their future?
The majority is used for whatever purpose.
about discrimination against women in the Middle East.
See live updates on who is posting here.
And, if you read to the end, why one blogger got banned from YouTube.
They attracted the attention toward this case and the soldier finally received the medical care he required.
The place of the public meeting or route of the march or protest.
A petition has been launched to save the center.
It is a game of wait and see.
The web is a great tool for sharing ideas and freedom of expression.
But what will come of his legacy?
is what this Venezuelan man was saying.
Who Supports the Current Government?
I am returning home with mixed feelings.
In countries where economy rules, things like this lead to the fall of the government.
It felt like justice to me.
If nothing else, I suggest we all join and become candidates for the next elections.
During an interview with the Wall Street Journal, he said
Imagine we are being told that we have to prepare for THE BIG ONE.
Your right to say what you want.
Police later confirmed that he was arrested.
I thought we should then start a new group with a new name and mission.
See the photo essay here.
There is also another active petition dealing specifically with the issue of sex education.
I will be sent back to a country that has become a foreign place to me.
It was made at night, not early in the morning
Feed pressure is also of major importance.
They said it was against humanitarian principles.
what if Russia does win
Only the first stage of it is.
in a car that is still visible...
News and analysis website China Digital Times backed up a few, such as
Saudi women plan to continue to push for their right to drive.
Part of the group at Lima airport, before flying to Spain.
enough for him to see there was no one there.
She writes about her work
gay or straight, young and old.
Egyptian blogger Egyptian in the USA brings us the answer in this translation from Arabic.
He complained to me once that I must talk to her.
I really wish the world would see in her all that I see in her.
No one was forced to stay in longer than it was possible for them.
Only the revolutionary team would do that.
Global Voices What is your African theme song?
What else would explain the near absence of public art in the city?
They came to her house, sat with her and her parents, and she refused them.
Where is the benefit in this case?
There are so many more women here than men.
Some were organized on Facebook.
Here are just a few recent examples
She wants to be a researcher in Cambodia.
While the bloggers were discussing this, what did the daily newspapers in Dhaka report?
Below are some football related racist incidents and acts that happened all around Europe.
I know you have lots of ideas.
Several Twitter users present at the demonstration provided frequent updates on the demonstration.
Interesting finds of the week
No other democratic country in the world has this kind of a problem.
In less than an hour or so, the post was removed again.
There are actually serious health risks.
At the least, this keeps people too busy to ask the government officials to do their jobs.
are allowed to receive Saudi Visa from a third country.
The power struggle was at its highest, and took place both within Madagascar and on the international stage.
The same countries are currently bombing Yemen.
Most of these videos also have been taken down from public domain, but some are still available.
I manage to, after several attempts.
Many on Twitter expressed their concerns
This is not a good sign for the independence of the media.
ONLY GOD KNOWS, amongst others
I am a victim together with her.
Below are some views translated from the discussion under the article on the outcome of the negotiations
To the victim, the emotional abuse, the questions and the fear are all the same.
The pictures of destruction continued
The man later denied it.
political parties are participating in these legislative elections but their campaigns have mostly failed to interest Moroccan citizens.
In legal and economic terms, the cost of speaking out is rapidly rising across the continent.
The reasons behind this big drop in numbers are due to the social security system.
After the assembly they declared
No news of how or whether it was murder.
No, this is not necessary.
The Prime Minister attended the gathering.
He added his personal account
Even their mobile phones were closed.
I would like to thank all those who supported me.
Mainly from rural areas but also from the new middle class in urban areas.
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group.
Maybe even more than in Ukraine.
Books and other works have often been censored years after their release.
According to initial reports, the army detained key opposition figures, some Cabinet members, and protest leaders.
Who is the next president?
It was an intended message to the public.
Strong opinions about the result of the election can be read on the blogosphere.
Things were happening around the revolutionary writer as well.
I have a profile in more than one social network.
Am I ready for that?
Here we quote some highlights
What I fail to understand is that the media is absolutely silent on this issue of enormous importance.
Entertainment is the heart of the Nigerian culture.
Free and open technology exists, there are large numbers of open source projects.
The blogger goes on to post the video.
It is the same thing.
You can read the first part here.
This was truly an International march because there were people from all over the world
The post was originally published at Global Chaos.
Corporate social responsibility done right.
The objective of the Real Life and Hot Issues Discussions is
If they want to release us, they have to release us as innocent people.
All our teachers are against, too.
How long can this continue?
Yet, I would keep on this track.
And then the next student will read it and be inspired to create and share.
Your youth have proven me wrong this morning.
All of this did not happen by chance.
whose leader took a strong second in the previous presidential elections.
In a Nepali blog, I expressed my fears of such cases increasing in the UK
which means it could easily be number one, once we really figure out how much oil we actually got...
The case is currently under investigation by the United Nations.
None knew how to read.
The state has a long standing tradition of voting against the governing party.
In addition to these highly sensitive issues, each had used the internet for different kinds of independent activism.
Over the weekend, the rain did not let up.
Because people cannot stop demanding.
We need to translate from English into local languages.
But that conversation started with the innovative use of tech.
The association responded that nothing will be done before a court ruling is made
But this much we know  a crime against humanity was committed while the world looked on.
the state is the primary center of power and then there is the family.
In a period of only the first half of the year, over a hundred activists were killed.
Using it as evidence is even more sensitive.
As Foreign Affairs recently wrote
The only positive point of this scandal is that it shows that blogging in Morocco is becoming influential.
Later, a huge rescue effort started.
Is there an issue you can help with?
government corruption and the problem of domestic violence.
The website and the media project we have now fit my original vision on some levels, but not all.
Can Africa benefit from the World Cup?
A crime against humanity Under the UN, mass rape is a crime against humanity.
She shows us one using a photograph of her in a group of men.
All names left over from Soviet times.
The use of social media for campaigning is becoming increasingly important for NGOs.
Personally, I believe he deserves to go on trial.
You came here before and were informed that you and your group cannot come here.
Wonder what other Singapore things I will see next.
Do you have any success stories you would like to share with us?
At first he could not be sure.
I wanted to express myself so that someone in the world would listen and hear.
A link answers the question
Social networking was the key
They want to go home.
This center is an example for the world.
Who will be the next winner?
Grow up guys, this is international politics.
A comment here tell us the reason.
In an Arab country whose religion is Islam, family is a man, a woman and their children.
Representatives from Twitter, Facebook, and Google, various academic and policy groups and civil society organizations spoke.
Taken from his Facebook page and used with permission.
Typically, I support neither side in the Iranian situation
Are they afraid of others knowing the truth?
The operation to rescue a couple and their dogs was one of the most shared news items on Twitter
I am not a leader.
The blog has also published several photos and videos from different protests.
What kind of effect can blogs have on traditional journalism in Saudi Arabia?
These have all left since the war.
the specific charges against the journalists is unclear.
Will this ruling have any impact on public discussion or political thinking in Jamaica?
At least those who can read Arabic..
There are another five parties that are considered to have a remote chance during the campaign.
Whatever you do, please be positive in expressing your support.
They expected greater things from him, regardless of how trying the circumstances, and they were disappointed.
An English translation is available here.
Elected leaders must be held to account.
Rape is much worse than death.
Actually, let them march and let them be silent.
I hope no one will raise questions at the names
We know that the Pope does not want this to happen.
a photograph of his family.
What has this to do with the present??
Here is the link to the video.
All charges dropped except one.
The job of the police is to defend the law and the citizens and their property.
She reviews three of these projects.
But clearly current news will probably strongly influence the tour, especially when we reach Ukraine.
By doing this, it will encourage student to do their best without worried about the money.
The problem, as always, is money.
Now it takes twice as long.
At least these girls and Chinese will think ten times before visiting such illegal places.
Could he come to Tajikistan?
This is what effective leadership is about.
Tens of thousands of civilians were kidnapped, imprisoned, tortured and murdered.
The singer is yet to respond to the offer.
We want a future for our children and their children.
He knew that he was taking risks all the time.
How about them, I thought.
Massive protests are taking place, calling for justice and for action to be taken against Israel.
The complaint against my father developed while talking to him when he was under house arrest.
surely I will for weeks.
My husband bought it ten years after our marriage.
Have you always considered yourself a writer?
She refused to go home.
You are going to build a road for us, right?
Last Friday several East Asia bloggers held a virtual meeting to discuss the crisis in Thailand.
The BBC documentary has caused many heated discussions online.
There is no official information about the Twitter crackdown.
Who are these people and what did they do with our football team?
Give it a try you will not lose but I must say that it can cost more than Twitter.
There is no option in Bangladesh politics to accept defeat.
I am still shocked of the arrest, questioning and release
There is a corrupt judicial system in Iran that cannot protect Iranian citizens.
Join the campaign by writing a letter to the Ugandan embassy in your country
The people of this wonderful place are growing up.
If it is going to be a family business ...
Within the first three days of the national day holiday, the whole country has fallen into chaos
Do you think that blogging calls the attention of men more than women?
Thank you very much for all of your words.
Two Israeli children and their father were among those killed.
Once I was struck down by life, too.
That is the kind of blogger I would like to see more of in Puerto Rico
Angry Doctor criticizes this position
That not all lives matter.
I guess they are interested in other things like football and music.
The surveillance camera was broken
I need to see how many of u know about it.
And then the actual girl turned out to be someone else.
It was a moment for both groups to exchange and share experiences through music.
The region is in urgent need of attention.
that this is an Islamic movement and they will kill you, and that you will lose everything.
respect those who voted all night long.
At present there is little hope that the situation will improve.
We need to think about how we can make the investment in a different way.
She was killed, because she was woman, women has no life in Pakistan, they can not live their life.
I believe most do not.
What do you write about in your blog?
The thing that makes me so angry is knowing that this is not something out of the ordinary.
At that time, she was struggling just to make ends meet.
What do you consider a Russian nationalist?
But thus far, it remains in place.
He was referring not just to any type of writing, but to the writing of propaganda.
The nation belongs to crime, besides that, we are more divided than ever.
Entertainment Television just two weeks prior.
Sometimes courage causes fear inside us.
She writes about that last point
It fears when people take to the streets in numbers.
Image courtesy of the Fundamental Rights Agency, used with permission.
And anyone who believes in the existence of God ....
Some of them were quickly detained.
She updates on the situation saying
Why not TV or newspapers?
They married the following year.
After that murder threats against me increased.
All while he was supporting his seven kids, three of whom he adopted after a family tragedy.
Bloggers took note of the strike in their own way
I really need someone to explain this...
Community members can not only request some kind of help, but also offer their own.
What about the right to freedom?
YouTube was accessible later in the day on Saturday.
If so, she can leave her passport at home.
Not much to report as yet.
Following is my interview with her.
But finally I was on the Serbian border.
The question continues to be discussed around the blogosphere.
Or all was of the sort?
For young men, similar values can be found.
I did not feel guilty.
An institution older than almost half of the population has been killed.
That drew mixed reactions online.
I am sitting there and waiting for my turn to tell them about Afghan media.
They have a right to see how their leaders perform under pressure.
Listen to me, and listen well...
This year the event was carried out in eight Latin American countries
So, they have courts in them.
Visit blind activist in November  Global Voices Colombia
Unlike several years ago, Russian have much wider selection of news on the Internet.
Take a look at some of the images
Can you give us some background on this story?
And here are the results
You found the time to do ten times more than we, your staff, ever did.
There are many reasons that are considered as the main and basic causes behind the honor killing.
An hour or so ago..
Add Al Jazeera English NOW
Some people built something else there, that was the reason why they had to move.
I really love this artist.
I hope the government will take this personally.
My father was content to go to the church.
This is a community that has experienced a difficult history of discrimination on the island.
What kind of a nation are we?
the older generation is starting to use it on a daily basis as well.
However, the May Day demonstration in the past few years has been getting more and more violent.
He was among the first to write about the Syrian revolution and live it.
This particular post asks readers to provide phone numbers of people they want to check on, or inform.
I get to talk a lot without the fear of being shut down.
An appeal from the group
I guess its good for me, but also for them.
All in all, there are a few thousand, I think...
We begin this summary with someone from home.
But no matter what, I will never give up on voting.
And that will be a huge story.
Tell us more about the collaboration.
But I tired of the games.
Until that moment, he believed his father had passed away.
I have tried to get in touch with her by phone but I could not get through.
The Global Voices Advocacy Editor will be responsible for the following
In some activities the two groups work together.
Either one or the other explanation should be false?
Picture is taken from Twitter.
They shared photographs from the first holiday, and stories of the second.
Is GV well known among netizens in Madagascar?
We sat and talked for an hour.
It will now return to the lower house for another vote.
The rate of blogging in Zambia has also been very low.
The event was very well organized.
Bloggers for Freedom We concerned Filipino bloggers stand for the rights to free expression and to free speech.
Have US Journalists Become Citizen Reporters?
Well, if food is good for the Iraqis how is it for the American soldiers?
And belief is all it is.
We boycott the dog meat festival and the eating of dog.
Democracy Failing  Global Voices Maria Mohamed explains why she thinks that Maldives is a failed democracy.
The job also covers a number of other items.
Who is paying for this?
Because otherwise one will fail , and then another, and the third...
Now, this is something that i have to agree with.
I talked to a professor who is an expert in this area.
I know the answer ...
What can I do, now?
Could you imagine the pressure this means to our limited water and electricity networks?
Wednesday night saw at least as many supporters out as Monday.
We must be prepared for the consequences.
Beirut is very safe in many ways.
With that in mind, we encourage you to join us
Other Twitter users have been campaigning for their rights.
What is it likely to cost??
Here is the one Chinese character that is said to be the most complicated.
Would you prefer for my political opponents to win and to stop me from organizing my meetings?
Spreading fear among the youth A widely spread wrong evidence can be deemed as the truth.
We have never supported them.
The Taliban are not strong enough to create any civil war at the moment.
What is the current extent of the problem in Egypt and what are the measures that must be taken?
They just need to figure out what to do next.
A truly federal Pakistan with all communities represented.
The young candidate is also on Facebook.
Facebook image calling for the release of all political prisoners in Ethiopia.
The main concerns were about government spending.
No one can tell me he is not alive.
The final voting this year will be done by three different groups
Read their take on the event.
How will YOU spend it?
Screen capture from a national news broadcast.
This is life in diaspora.
Honest men have only two solutions
Although social media is generally used by the young, people who vote again and again are generally the old.
It feels like nothing is fine.
Nor do they represent the interests of the victims.
So he then gets the right to say that he knew nothing.
There are some interesting films from South Africa, China and Latin American countries.
Everybody but the board seems to want to leave this organisation.
So it seems like the next book I read will be one of his.
View her win here at the link.
I was among the first men in this prison.
All Martin thought he needed was time
The campaign went viral in many places, but in Venezuela the only people who knew about it were activists.
There was almost no violence leading up to the election.
And now they are reaching every corner of India with their unique newspaper.
However, not everyone was in support of the new education system.
In a subsequent post, he explained his reasons for coming out
I guess you covered it all.
How does this all work?
These men and women sell just about anything and everything on the streets.
just words that fill time and space ...
The blogger writes that this boy is an example for other youth who want to make easy money.
They went from place to place so they would spread out that bodies.
I could have just let things run their course, but my participation in politics is an exercise of responsibility.
But it is possible for them to change.
This was not just another night.
On its official blog , the organizers explain how it works
We will continue to do so in the months ahead.
If you read no other blogs this week read these
She is Yemeni and woman and she made it
This memory of a city is much more than its mere history.
This is the political reality.
Nearly all active Moroccan bloggers protested and helped out.
In it he accused the university of turning itself into a business.
He was expected to go far.
If you are convinced and have got enough evidence, than you can arrest me under the law.
With this material, the newspaper must have expected more attention from readers.
And who will rescue us?
These results seemed surprising to some netizens.
As different as it can get.
I hold you responsible for their safety.
What can this guy be doing?
Even Arabs in nearby cities?
I would like the concerned authorities to know about those decisions.
The false information remained published for two days, and was picked up and republished on other blogs.
He traveled first with his parents and two of his brothers.
It is the second Ramadan that he is not at home...
Another court hearing is scheduled for April.
Tensions over Peace and Security Legislation
Picture of two little boys talking
It covers both literature and humanity.
Below are some of the initial reactions from bloggers.
To find a better way to think.
Obviously, they were the ones who dedicated the most space to the topic.
Their language and their culture?
Please contact me with further questions or comments.
A very ordinary road accident
No, of the whole people, indeed.
The Olympics were a success
Do they come from our same country?
Hundreds of others, including children, have been kidnapped.
Where did we go wrong?
His face looked like it had been cut all over a long time ago.
She said women living in the areas are particularly vulnerable to abuses
Tear gas is being used too much, too often.
From here we follow the story
His son was the only one in the world who took care of him in his last days.
I need a break from my blog, ...
The mentioned operation successfully took place last Sunday, complete with videos and photos.
But still, they were not listed.
You cannot change the past.
Is there any truth to these stories?
She went on that journey last summer.
Global Voices The first topic of conversation in Bahrain these days seems to be the weather.
I wanted to be a part of the solution.
This means there are a million Muslims in Moscow.
Many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him.
Four injured have been reported so far.
Check the economy back home
This is turning out to be an useful social networking tool.
He stayed with her two years before she died.
after the common enemy is gone.
I wonder if this is organized violence that has nothing to do with people?
There are at least two cases against The Post in the courts at the moment.
For more highlights on the struggle for freedom of speech on the web visit our page on this subject.
But they are being targeted as a group.
Lived alone by the river.
As the largest social network application in Iran, this is thought to directly affect Telegram.
Both the children and the teacher make a daily effort to get to the school.
Responsibility without power is a losing game.
The telephone is also clearly not the best way to reach farmers who mostly live in the rural areas.
Those who have lost the argument tend to attack the man.
I wonder if the earthquake is responsible for this?
But Brazil is a chance for the world and I want to spread awareness of that.
Tunisia is notorious for its repression of speech.
I agree with you on only one thing
she wants to buy a house and live a quiet life.
It is definitely the government, but it is not clear to me which part of it.
The post notes that a similar program in Bolivia a few years ago did not do much.
Unlike past elections, streets were empty of celebrations.
Have you ever seen any Kazakh in this kind of sports?
Two senior officers in the military said as much to the armed forces chief of staff.
The rest of Europe does not count much.
Panama also paid tribute to their native son in various ways.
This totally makes up for the World Cup.
How do Iran track citizens going to Syria?
These days, only important or relevant information gets translated.
You never know how it started or how it will end.
Those who chose this path are ready to go to prison.
He also wants more active participation of the local youth in technology development issues.
they are brought from Lebanon.
He will be missed by the nation of Barbados, and by people throughout the Caribbean.
She says that she is not guilty of the charges the government brought against her.
As a result, much of what Venezuelan bloggers write about has to do with this topic.
No one should be imprisoned simply for working for an NGO ...
some were inside the house and others outside.
We urge international society and human rights organizations to pay attention on this.
Sorry for the girl, her life was just beginning.
it was made public somewhat later.
But Mark in Mexico does his best to find out.
Together, we are the change we wish to see.
He did not say by how much.
The deaths will be forgotten.
relatives and close friends ask.
This has not stopped both mainstream media outlets and social media pages from reporting that it is.
she will not speak it.
Everyone deserves them, and no one can take those rights away.
If we decided to take action, the whole camp would be under fire.
The protesters then read a speech in Arabic, English and French, and made nine demands to the Lebanese government.
It should take the interest of Iraq on the top and not the interest of the other countries.
Do you believe Uganda has a free press?
Who should be blamed more for the injustice of it all?
They review the contemporary literature.
And every demonstration ends up with the military police beating the demonstrators.
Screen capture from YouTube video shared by Workers Solidarity Movement.
You can read about the initial blogosphere reactions here and here.
The video below highlights the scale of events and presents protesters demands
Here are a few reports from the Situation Room.
Not that it was any of her business.
Below are some photos from the movement, courtesy of the One Billion Rising Bangladesh Facebook page.
Support for the legal equality of LGBT people has come from a surprising place during a Trinidad and Tobago...
The Bahrain Human Rights Society, whose site is also blocked in Bahrain, provides the following list of banned websites
We opened a school there that held his name.
it is now up to us to rise to the challenge.
We are in Moscow, but we are with you and worry for you.
Photo Update From the Protest.
it was a beautiful day Friday and there were many families out just to see what was going on.
We are here for you and we represent you.
But these are all small things.
Otherwise it remains a dream.
at a camp run by the Society of Friends all year around.
I was on air some minutes ago and then one computer programme went off.
They think we are terrorists.
It also reminds me of how they deal with other criminal cases.
The government called protesters in for a dialogue, but the talks ended without any agreement.
Putin has them, and so does Navalny.
Do you think that activism can be carried out online?
He had an appointment that day with a guy he knew.
We will remember the event.
US military is offering aid mission.
To continue to live in peace.
The parents of the girls confirmed that the man was a friend of the family.
It looks different this time, as they seemed to be waiting for an excuse.
Tell me more about the protest
What kind of training do you have?
In some cases, police kidnapped and disappeared the victims.
My promise is to a child I have never met
He writes stuff that you will not find in newspapers.
And we need electricity to study.
The injured were taken to various hospitals.
The protests in Egypt this week also highlight another important point
Since their return, they have publicly spoken about torture at the hands of government agencies while in detention.
Why did you decide to offer your music free on the Internet before its official release?
Would not one want to remain President for life once elected?
These measures are not unique to Bangladesh.
The more we listen, translate, and try to reach understanding, the less people can refuse to care.
Two activist friends came to check on me.
Will you allow me to publish it?
After all no one is forcing them to run for the highest office
The statement came in three points
There is no place else I would have rather been this week.
and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
Workshop participants left to right
Writing for the blog is definitely different from writing for a newspaper.
Instead, the government should free up the mainstream media
All his family was dead, except for his son.
Listen, just keep me safe...
The morning is quiet over the old city.
This post was originally published here.
when does social science decide when a civil war officially starts?
Would the man make it or not??
The violence can spread anywhere.
It really leaves them with little choice.
But recent reports have shown that Brazil is now the second most affected country by the crisis.
criticism of authorities, corruption, political opposition and social commentary.
It was an important date, we were celebrating the independence of Panama.
Different sounds, but they all indicate the same thing.
There will be more events, more events around Zimbabwe.
The story has been reported in detail by BBC News.
The situation is made worse because it is just so common
I want all the children to go back to school and to keep studying.
While we helped him, he asked if I went to school.
When did the dictatorship return to Iraq?
We, the Brazilian people, we want health, peace, safety, housing, employment.
Main topic will be violence against women.
None of us can admit that our English is perfect.
But we are not the Turkish.
That is what I learned from my Arab brothers.
It was just an ordinary fight.
When she moved to Turkey we met for the first time and our relationship became strong.
He also shows the struggle of the poor
May I have a coffee?
Who will speak on behalf of this young man?
What base language for a president
What about a little African unity first?
In both cases they left behind a movement that would continue after them.
Most citizen media discussion seemed to be happening on personal Facebook walls, but Twitter provided relevant commentary as well
One of the page members wrote
Once upon a time, there lived three brothers.
The way it works is simple.
Our dream finally coming true.
The people of Cambodia have no trust in any investigation conducted by the authorities.
Chinese people started to ask.
I called her and asked if I could see her for an interview.
Of course, you know the rest of the story.
We do not want a dictatorship here.
I have no doubt that having this ambassador would do no harm to Serbia politically either.
Flag is indeed a formal expression of recognition.
It was the State who murdered him, it was the State who kidnapped him, Murder Mexican State.
They plant hatred and spite in us whether we like it or not.
Following that, many Arabs and foreigners supported the idea and joined in.
Many are being treated outside.
The explosion killed one person and many were injured.
We cannot get used to living here
Things could get really interesting.
He later received this email from the organizers
The photo blogger has published some of these photos on his blog.
We sometimes got hit and killed.
Two new English bloggers from Tanzania are also introduced.
Mubarak confirmed that he was not seeking another term like that was an option.
i just saw with my own eyes ...
The UN report showed that
Check out the photos below
What projects to you have in mind now?
There are lessons in this story that share a connection with lessons in other conflicts around the country.
Have you used any to reach more audience?
Here is a video of the aftermath
When there was a call, I told the soldiers
Help him answer these questions
Exactly like what happens between the different Wikipedia languages.
But in general they share some points of view in common
My people cry and their tears fall not from their eyes, but rather from their hearts...
The thing is to be firm in your commitment.
The same happened this time.
Change for Iran did not mention the names of these sites.
Do you use it on social media or in other communications?
threatening the US, Japan and South Korea, and showing off to China.
In other words, they were already out of work.
I was watching for numbers.
Le post writes  ...
Officials provided a temporary passport, good only for return to the United States.
She can do it too
Picture from the official website of the Committee on Women and Family Affairs of Tajikistan.
Brunei is a different country where foreigners feel at home.
Legal and other experts have questioned the conduct of the police on two grounds.
The benefit of the doubt has no place.
American football for me is
Still, it was a good day.
We need this law to protect this regime.
Nothing more can be said.
Their fans follow them out of choice.
And I had to gather my documents all over again.
Georgia is where that decision has led us.
Global Voices Is Bush Mr Palestine?
How can blogging support networks form online?
But is this really true?
Everything had been peaceful in this fight.
This hotel is not safe at all
Another woman came to the center with the registration card of her relative as well as her own.
We must keep the international eyes focused.
Until now, it has worked pretty well.
The post goes on to detail the aftermath of the massacre
This case is far from being unique.
Not to mention the tax that this company paid that used to help our economy.
work with local communities across the world to
Protesters called on women and children to leave the site of clashes.
I think we should not be too harsh on the boy.
In Argentina, you might be offered a drink from that cup when visiting someone.
Here are some of their reactions on Twitter.
and the other went on to development of the idea.
It is not enough to just investigate the issues.
However, only the top three are receiving the most coverage in the Bolivian press.
Talking to the girls, it was impossible not to notice how proud they were.
I was already a deputy then.
And I know well how it was all done, better than you do.
And what is all this for?
Activists have been the targets of harassment and death threats.
If you could at least get the treatment you desire, you would ignore them.
In fact, municipal police shot at the student teachers, and the commission has rejected the possibility of a fire.
Here is the best blog post I never read
How far will they go?
Another woman pushed forward and said her eight year old son had died of hunger...
RT this to show your support
Register your blog today, and join the global conversation
Support was also provided by Blogging Nation.
He or she can invite us to some feeling, but the final decision lies with us.
It makes us happy when we hear people say they are inspired by our story.
I address you, a plant.
The full interview can be heard below.
For four days we create a world with values we believe in
The best option is this
The situation is out of control.
Here are some comments on Facebook.
When will we understand this?
How did we get to this moment?
Yesterday was walk to work day.
The harm of attacking the press is that we end up without information.
Even when we are trying to help, we are talking over others.
No, he speaks about the project.
But he still wanted to know why.
We stood at the platform, waiting for our train.
Also, Global Voices allows readers to engage with the journalists and bloggers who produce the content.
In America, they mean a lot.
This version is published by Global Voices with permission.
The only problem being is that most people do not know what is in the draft constitution..
We cannot afford to waste not even red money in Jamaica right now.
They still carry on their daily lives as usual.
The idea, as any other idea, found both its supporters and opponents.
Several Afghan and even Iranian bloggers have reacted to this news.
Bloggers on why there is still racism in the country Brazil
What can we learn from his story?
So this is something all Japanese should be proud of.
Using the contact option, I got in touch with the person behind the site.
The senior vice president of the Times of India tweeted
Well, the rates are sort of low...
I just wonder what it will be.
Are they ready for one ?
He must not continue to be silent on this matter.
She certainly looks like a man.
The comment has immediately become a hot topic.
He adds that the real battle is in the courts
The driver, without doubt, is the most capable person who is in control of the game.
Writing on Facebook, one citizen said
When and why did you start blogging?
Where are the editors who check the facts?
Press freedom is very important for me as a journalist.
their close ties to the Chinese government.
On a Facebook page, one of the groups calling for the protests state
this one was earthquake that we felt?
Have any of you ever been to that place?
We will get you back, together.
Make sure to visit the website to see more amazing photos.
The following post was translated and republished on Global Voices with permission from the author.
I feel like this is not a bad thing.
And we also want others to listen to Syrians.
Soon after, majority of the radio stations began to play her song.
And I say, a woman is your wife, is your mother, is your sister.
I made all the Indigenous sets thinking of her.
Slow internet is almost like censorship.
There is always a market for this line of work.
In fact, the problem is larger than it seems to be as it is going beyond all limits.
Not that there had not been attempts, mostly European, to do exactly that.
However this article does not apply to terrorist acts or actions aimed to hurt the lives of others.
NGOs report the death of dozens of people everyday across the country.
What are the next important things that are going to happen in your country?
The flag of France used by people around the world to show solidarity with the country.
I was raised in Jamaica in era where the death penalty was very common.
The funny thing is, I thought it was bad there, but nothing prepared me for Cairo
I expected things to be worse.
Never saw it coming this huge..
Many are scared of that notion.
Thank you for your help, friends.
Around the world, many celebrated the award.
The more space available, the more space they will fill.
The only way its goals will be met is through genocide.
I have two words for you
Our clothes, our culture, our work, but none of the money they make is returned to the Indigenous communities.
They fought the law and the law won
A Death Sentence to Hide Government Corruption?
Sports, after all, are just another industry, another economy.
Please spread the word and protest against the tunisian dictatorship.
It was not aimed at anyone.
If one side is right and another is wrong, which side they would stand for?
This year, we need everyone to come together and advance the campaign for love.
For example, I am very interested in how young people live around the world.
The moment of truth is the moment of crisis.
Do blogs have a big following of readers?
And this is what allows me to maintain my knowledge.
Even though this event happens only ONCE a year.
Did I eat your food?
The fish kill issue generated massive protests across Vietnam.
So I asked the station staff for a hotel and headed in that direction.
more information will come to light shortly.
Will we go back to business as usual, each in our homes, going about our private lives?
The page describes the group as follows
A nation where laws are not only made but also implemented.
If not, where does his power come from?
Can we, as Libyan citizens, stand more psychological pressure?
The whole system is corrupt, starting with the government.
Besides Iraq, conflicts in Lebanon, East Timor, Sudan and Sri Lanka were blamed for the rise in refugee numbers.
I had someone translate what she was saying.
Sharing an article citing his prison sentence, he commented
The video appeared on YouTube this month.
It is nothing compared to what she did to our country.
And you have to remember that Egyptians and people all over the world participated in the Tunisian revolution
It was not Ghana, you may be sure.
The problem is not that she took a photo while having sex.
But today he wanted to make a public statement.
Reactions from Ukrainian and Russian social media users quickly followed.
I do not want racist comments and posts.
Despite some concerns regarding what the international community might say, Armenia really has nothing to lose.
US Elections and Immigrants  Global Voices Nepal Monitor on the influence of immigrants on the US presidential elections.
In some cases, families cannot feed their children, so they have no choice but to sell them.
They are not with them nor do they believe what they believe.
Which one does one go for.
so what kind of products are they
Want to get news and reviews from the books written by and about African experience?
It should not have come to this.
Each attempt from our side will quickly be faced by their filtering.
Another Jamaican shared on Facebook
She held huge parties with men coming and going at all hours.
Things are going my way
It is more important than ever for citizen media to keep the voices of Iranians alive.
I hate talking about it, I really hate talking about it.
Minutes later, he tweeted the news of their removal
As much if not more than the government.
It is possible for a victim to not take any initiatives, if you care to know.
If you really wanted to do something, why wait for the season just to do it?
An appeal against the ruling is likely.
The challenge now is for people to take the lead in building new translation teams to make this happen.
She captured the spirit of celebration on the island in this tweet
Finally, things got serious last month.
But I do not know if I will ever face the challenge.
how high a price can a community pay for development of their country?
What would you like to say to other young people in your society?
The topic is close to my heart.
Were you born in Haiti or are you part of the diaspora?
and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on.
The police were also called.
This is not to say that political campaigns are not important.
For now I would really like to continue working in the field of international education.
What do I have to write?
Just let them come and it would be best if they came with families.
Only those who love money will welcome this.
Yet became worse then their teacher
So therefore, my blog can only reach those who have access to the internet.
No words to describe what I was feeling.
You have received death threats on social media.
Listen to the story in Spanish here
Photos allegedly taken at the scene turned out to be from an old police training exercise.
Under a new bill in Singapore, these activities could get you in trouble with the law.
The request was immediately met with various reactions on social media websites.
If someone can guide me, then please do so.
Previously unknown stock began to increase in price and soon the stock market was making newspaper headlines.
This image is public domain.
at least you know where your children are.
Not a single Russian name.
We will pay everything, not once, but with interest.
We are an extremely violent country.
It felt like a revolution to me.
Getting It Out of Your System...
I have already said that...
How does that look like?
So on that level, all of this stuff happens.
They are for other pieces.
The girl dropped off to sleep.
They were released later on the day.
Help is needed, but is it welcome?
Then I got a report that my house and another were destroyed.
A Week Goes by in Kuwait  Global Voices Kuwait enjoyed nice weather this week.
In Saudi Arabia there are serious violations of fundamental human rights, in general, and political rights in particular.
Iranians usually say they are all the same.
In theory, Ukraine can accept thousands of refugees.
The race was organized to promote peace.
There are three protest centers in Thailand
Is there tension in the air?
But it depends on a specific person, of course.
He is a serious young intellectual, and one with a young wife and child.
the issue of health, education, transportation connection to the interior, and rural roads.
And under which specific regulations do they block Google and other overseas platforms, such as Facebook?
We have really reached the World Cup.
Within the individual the reaction has been called various names, all, however, pointing to the same basic experience.
It is left to you to decide where each blogger stands.
You can see here his photos before and after hunger strike.
Good people of Macedonia, you rock
Regional players are very important in this conflict.
Facebook for sure belongs to Google.
Baghdad Connect considers that what is gained on one hand is lost on the other.
So how can you run a country on this basis?
A new government was brought to power.
In this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained.
These are just some of the issues Kuwaiti bloggers are discussing this week.
This leaves Internet users with no way to know if their software or other tools are legal or not.
Now is the time when we decide what sort of country it is that we want to live in.
the interests of the Western powers.
I am sure that those of you who knew her or at least saw her Talk agree.
We had no one to help us handle it.
If you want to achieve something with the protests, media reality is very important.
We leave here, but we continue with our brothers in other schools.
However the meeting did not end well.
It is hard to see how.
There are a few reasons that make this case interesting.
They did not face any trial.
Enjoy it as if it is the last day of the world
But back to Christmas in that region.
People living in the small village houses were offered to move to the city concrete buildings.
To talk about the violence that most of us have lived through.
With few resources, it would be indeed difficult for young candidates to win any elections.
Perhaps this might happen next week when Jamaicans will have returned from the Christmas break.
We should all be able to choose our own path.
And what attracted you to Global Voices Advocacy?
Blogging has been recognized in Vietnam as a powerful tool of expression.
How did you hear about it?
Who is a Real Muslim?
This is what I hear
a democracy that is truly
She writes in the Guardian
We face a shortage of water here.
people whose thoughts, experiences and actions were treated as if totally without interest.
Originally from Indonesia and Malaysia, but apparently it is available all over the Congo.
Which bank do you have?
Her funeral looked like Pakistan.
Did the police simply let everyone down, or were there more complex factors involved?
That is our main source and tool.
This cartoon is widely shared on Facebook.
And we do not miss a thing
Internet users still do not know what happened to him.
She is not a political reporter.
The Woman I Was notes
As for the rest of it
African women are also blogging about other issues.
These photos are being circulated in social media as well.
Eight activists in Bahrain sentenced to life imprisonment.
She has written down a summary of the conversation in her blog.
I cannot go to sleep.
Traditions still alive in Jordan..
What has led to this?
The Latin America editor position opened up and they decided to offer it to me.
Six or seven people could have been injured.
Why nobody points out negative aspects of joining the EU?
they are also the most informed.
Besides the general agenda of better teaching and infrastructure, each school occupation also has specific requests.
The latter having paid only a month ago.
However, the former rebels are not ready to let go of their weapons right away.
Because there used to be this poem
Help us get our new homes and hopes for a better life
After telling us the whole story, she says
He pictures those killed in terrorist attacks and says
Are we talking about a Trial, or what he deserves?
In fact, the opposite is true.
people are allowing them to do this.
What change do protests bring?
If he wishes, let it be...
The International Labor Organization, a UN agency, says the system leaves workers vulnerable to forced labor.
Then over the weekend came the announcement of this show of solidarity.
I would like to share how excited I felt when I saw my first translation published.
And there have been opposition protests for several weeks now.
He had only one hope
His post titled Will Malawi Connect Rural Communities?
How stupid do you think we really are?
I think it was better before Iraq War.
He talked of war crimes, violations of human rights and law.
Blogs and the Nigerian Elections
We will have to close down.
There is going to be another goal
Wikipedia is an important part of the information society and should be supported
We need a new system.
And we are in the World Cup....
Amnesty International also added that it
He does not even know how to cross a road.
Now history is something else.
There is no good water, no electricity.
As expected, there was resistance.
They opened fire on prisoners in the area.
Police was there to maintain order, there were no conflict.
Then we really became friends.
So it has caused damage to itself the most.
each one has to wake up in the morning thinking that this revolution depends on him or her.
The extremely active Feminist community at Live Journal has its opinions.
Russia itself has so many problems.
Using his absence to say he does not care about Lebanon.
Another major issue was that they refused to send the injured to the hospital only few steps away.
The answer is a big NO.
Students and parents have been beaten and arrested.
The website is meant to show that there is nothing there, in the search results.
She risks living the rest of her life alone, the poor girl
Guatemala is not ruled by a Colombian
Thousands of people effectively blocked off parliament.
He also writes about some of the specific early incidents
Both forces may remain outside parliament.
We Might Pay Tourists Too Soon
The program can be found here.
The Moscow Times pointed out that the Governor had an additional comment
Welcome to Turkey, dear brother
What is a Terrorist Organization?
What difference will my articles make?
People use to live well.
The show must go on.
Throughout the years I have learned a lot about them and with them.
It accounts for so many things.
It is from you that we need to hear from.
It is under such context that he wrote
It is not a matter of people or parties, rather the state.
This is not an accident, this is by design.
These were questions that no one was willing to answer either directly or quickly.
It also uses the domestic law and courts of Guatemala rather than international law, which has several benefits
Leave us a note in the Comments
All my things were broken.
Blogger asks he does not understand if she was feminist or crazy Persian
Records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music.
But on thinking about this for a while, I come to the conclusion that this law is still wrong.
Especially in the context of the upcoming parliamentary election.
Looks like again we will find out about it last minute, and people will suffer from it.
But he points out two concerns
This includes health, education and other data.
Then, we should stand by it.
Urging Proper Investigation on Child Labor  Global Voices India
There was no one who saw his suicide.
She would be among the elite of her kind.
Only God knows why we do such things.
What do kids use now?
But we do not accept it.
This is very emotional for me.
Another key feature of the network is its speed.
But a few details set her apart.
and the list goes on
There are big problems in Central Asia with sources of water.
I HAVE NOTHING TO SAY TO THEM.
Social media was flooded with commentary over the issue.
How is writing on your blog different to writing in other media?
But in Cambodia, Facebook is not yet considered a threat by the government.
Playing For Change is still creating connections in Latin America today.
Their only charge was telling the truth without doubt.
The reasons for this are a bit more complex.
No one ever learned what happened to the Greek.
Student movements Images of Chilean student protests made news around the world for months.
I started blogging again once we decided to create African Path.
Man, I hate election sound cars.
Following these events, Ethiopian Muslims have turned to Facebook and Twitter to make their voices heard.
How do you like blogging so far?
Why We Let Someone Beat His Wife?
Democracy in Africa  Global Voices Computer language explanation of the democratic developments in Africa
Also discussed on the post.
The wider world knows what is going on in these countries, both the good sides and the bad sides.
all he has to do is come back home.
Some of the charges against them were
if they were not so absolutely certain they would get away with it, eventually.
And all I can say is
I would have been afraid, except this happened once before, maybe two years ago.
This is the shame of our nation.
And it looked into how Africans are represented in the movie to prove that China is strong
Will there be consequences for digital activists worldwide?
Those think otherwise must wait
And the Cabinet of Ministers is responsible for doctors.
out of fear or cold?
This is not the issue here.
He said the matter was urgent.
Hundreds of thousands of refugee children cannot access formal education.
in this case, the window.
This is something worth looking into.
In privacy he could walk around, leave the light on, read.
The question we followed up with was
And everybody seems to volunteer to do that
You should send the Special Forces soldier who helps you run this blog to do his actual work.
why do we need this?
Not everyone was on board with the results.
I was stopped by a police officer who asked
And so all is not lost.
If this is confirmed, then they would be lost for the investigation of the facts.
Not an accepted part, however.
Game on The game has two levels
According to independent observers, a little over two thousand people showed up for the rally.
He writes out the steps needed to use the law.
We are currently looking for a photographer and an art director.
He is shocked to find out that one of his own students has just killed himself.
dozens were hurt in clashes with riot police, and dozens ended up detained.
Today I ask him the same question
I think you fell short of the real truth in the matter
Indeed, these days are full with slogans.
However, it is not without its critics.
Then it was YouTube, now it will be rest of the Social Media.
However, the opinion of the users was common
It was for about two hours that he beat me, that was such suffering.
Sounds like a waste of time to me, unless one side gives up.
Think about it and help out.
Where did all the food go?
What time will you eat again?
Cambodian bloggers and technology workers have been active in making friends with people in the region via the internet.
We tend not to pay attention.
Global Voices will continue to follow developments.
This is my new temporary life now.
Launching the website was HUGE for us.
If not, how frequently do they send money back home and visit families?
I want to believe in this country.
More unrest followed after the sentence was declared.
The film follows the lives of four college girls who have been best friends since high school.
we can do better than this, we must do better that this, we are better than this.
The number turned out to be mine.
the difficult part is keeping it up.
What are creative ways of using this service?
Four cars arrive and pick up my friend and his friend.
The second round of elections too faced boycott from the opposition parties.
Remember the old Soviet joke
A few of the bloggers discussing this issue are mentioned here
But if the draft law is approved, that will soon change.
Why are they scared of us?
They believe in something and they are expressing it.
Human lives do not seem to mean much to Bush
However, the blog notes, the results of the poll are not reflected in society itself.
These two projects are also different national projects.
It can be on anything, even daily incidents they experience during this month.
Singapore, which are covered by the ruling.
We do not care about what kind of impression you are trying to make on your neighbors.
His last scandal came after he gave an interview to Russia Today.
Screenshot of the show by author.
ARMENIA  This just gets better and better with every run through.
Leaders moving for photo opportunities.
we are putting it to all other international actors.
Their charges against the government are various
I learned to trust myself even more than I already did.
How many investigations have you launched?
In fact, when there is no light, all the leaders are the same.
According to the Facebook group
No Jordanian woman should fear the prosecution of a male relative.
When he lived some supported him, others opposed him.
I am still trying though.
One blogger in our team also blogged about the event.
Here are their reactions below
Looks like a movie on live TV
He has a contract as an academic researcher.
Long lives a free and independent Egypt.
I took it to Ghana.
But in fact, it was a great school.
the numbers cannot be estimated.
Did she have psychological issues?
The political party or force that usually claims the state of Law?
Below are some less politically sensitive discussions remained in Sina Weibo.
The opinions are so diverse that subject deserves to be covered in its own right.
Now if u will excuse me, i need to study it in greater detail.
This is not a crime.
If you google his name you find multiple images of him clearly wearing a cross.
Do we want these traditions?
The girl fell to the floor dead.
There are two ways to control the internet.
We walked through these institutions and tried as far as we could to explain.
The fight was immediate and short.
Cambodia sees Opportunity in Rising Food Prices.
Most recently, it was gay sex.
We often hear this type of question.
In addition, blogs pay attention on the subject and comment.
I wonder if Turkey is not going down a dangerous path already.
They are mostly under the influence of Pakistan.
If this is true something must be done.
But can someone tell me
Not one or one million.
The interview is in English.
The Americans has the right to protect their border.
Our content is free to use, and free to share.
I saw that you have all of your songs posted on the site.
Who will get out of Iraq first?
How exactly can this be achieved?
The Police have detained the fourth person involved in the attack on Radio Popular.
I hate stuff like that.
Well, it has not been achieved very well.
For example, one blogger writes
The past few years have not been kind to freedom of expression in Ecuador.
Without warning, without giving her a chance to prepare for it.
Do you believe in Freedom of Speech?
Are you going to let him get away with it?
Still you have time to come besides us.
Level of their participation is increasing and a some prominent parties have women as leaders.
After blogging about Morocco for nearly three years, I felt that it was time to move on.
You will pay for this.
They just look at me and just judge me on looks.
Part of the Mexican team.
Obviously, we refused and, well, we are already seeing the consequences.
Worse would be if the guest sees the house owner eating...
The Korean public responded to this result with heated discussions and criticism online.
You can have something more modern, something more unique, that does not speak of war.
But like all other things, we love using the religion card to strengthen our stance and to silence opposition.
I want to use the hosting that I paid for.
I get to celebrate two
Those involved in the project are keeping their hopes up, though.
You will continue to live in fear until your time comes The result was immediate.
Power quote, shared a video from the opening night.
I ran home to get my daughter that was home at the time.
Every single person deserves to be treated as a special, unique individual.
Most of them are written by people from the US.
This is a perfect crime.
You some of you want everything.
We pay tribute to America as it is.
Demanding better reporting gender equality and media safety in the digital age.
This is the first time that we have news of North Korean labour being used in South East Asia.
Many ideas thrown to the table regarding the above topics.
Online activists quickly talk of too little, too late
The age of the Internet is an era of mass democracy and mass democracy should replace elite democracy.
It all turns back to that old line
Why is it in French?
Among other things, she says  Brazil
Is Abdullah suggesting that she has that right but does not have the right to do the opposite?
He now is the only national level leader who has experience as a Prime Minister.
A brave woman in her life and death.
Yet he walked like a young man.
It is not surprising that politicians and political parties are now bringing their campaigns in the internet.
Are they wrong about the date?
I have serious problems with the film.
However, Ugandan law is unclear on the issue.
Pakistan lost a brave man today.
Final outcome could be felt all around the world.
My parents were from Asia Minor.
Read the rest of his response here.
We will not harm him.
Each year, religious police make their rounds to make sure that no one marks the banned holiday.
I have been here for ten months.
This is the only and maximum guarantee I can offer.
There have been other clashes in the usual places
That might put me in a good position to understand both sides of the argument.
Please get in touch if you do not want to miss out
When will we ever do justice to those patients?
Can you describe a little about that?
As you say, there is a connection to identity.
None of the things she wrote, mean that she is not Indian.
Listen to the interview through this podcast
The pictures themselves may, however, need no further comment.
I request that the authorities ban the play completely
I remember how I felt.
Funny, I never met her in person.
He could feel eyes on his back.
Hamas killing an Egyptian border officer?
Ten years ago, we did not have the kind of access to internet services that we have today.
it is more about you as a person.
This also shows that bloggers can contribute and support local causes.
After his release, he took a leading role in the armed struggle against the Israeli army in Gaza.
Steve Jobs, it seemed, had created a computer just for me.
Political events have left their mark on artists as well.
Some rumors are saying that it is national security matter concerning Hamas and Gaza ??
You can read more about this ongoing story in these previous articles
Since their detention, protests have been held around the world calling for their release.
We have to be very clear
All his family members died.
Immediately after this took place, it was a holiday in Trinidad.
Fell silent again, as we were driving past the White House.
Good that it is Saturday tomorrow.
Video of their journey can be seen below
This article is also posted on Voices without Votes.
He thought for a moment his heart had stopped beating.
She took the offer seriously and encouraged me to understand its significance.
At least they say so, and probably it is true.
The government do not take any step to prevent these.
So far there is no information about the charges against those bloggers.
You can watch photos here.
Both Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch condemned his death then and called for investigations into the brutal killing.
Many Muslims already shared this picture, more than Christians.
We are not allowed to be complex, like any other society.
In Taiwan, small businesses can survive.
Corporate social responsibility is just a marketing strategy.
Fear Not from the Labor Party
all at the same time?
It is the voices of this educated youth that comes through the phenomenon that is the Iranian blogosphere.
Could you introduce yourself to our international audience?
An investigation is ongoing about how the crackdown on the protest became violent last Saturday.
Go back to your country before the massacre gets started
What is so surprising about that?
To begin with, if Immigration comes to your home or your door, please do not open it.
and very few people who do know me know about my blogging.
The blogger points out that the party continues to criticize the very same government it is part of.
an opportunity that will never be repeated.
That night our eyes did not close.
I wondered when this image was released by the Cabinet Public Relation Office.
Voting for this legislation had no real importance.
We tend to mind our own business.
We had to do something to feel better, so we asked them if they were dangerous.
Very soon all the relatives would end up in prison, dead or abroad.
It really is as simple as that.
Join Us  Global Voices Bangladesh
She mentions that Twitter updates kept her informed.
Many people discovered that starting a blog is quick and easy.
One cannot deny that there is a sense of a wind of change.
That evening I saw perhaps only a few hundred people at the station, together with the many volunteers.
Online media is the future of journalism, especially grassroots, critical reporting.
The aim is to get everyone talking towards a better future.
The bloggers behind the award are four female Nigerian bloggers
They have no choice, though
We are among those who can no longer go to vote with our head held high.
Therefore the positive impact on the economy will be minimum.
Many people have gone through this.
I can only mention a few.
Thus far, the security agencies have denied these allegations.
who are they talking to?
Do they even care whether we enjoy sex or not?
They are not the problem in the Police force.
Different methods have worked for different sectors
Pakistan is required to take a clear stance for the benefit of its strategic relations with Arab Gulf states.
I choose to give thanks.
When you are not writing, you should be reading.
Some victims said they were attacked because they voted in the elections.
We support the list of democratic candidates.
My son is out there.
On Twitter, users defended the film.
People engage in blogging and social networking, not in party politics.
A country that no longer exists.
Do people in your immediate community know who you are?
It has, particularly, been worse the past three weeks.
Please think who are the victim and who gain from this?
The rest of this world, is.
A couple of days later, The Daily News Egypt picked up on the story from the Arabic media.
What is going on in the Arab world?
Is it the Wild West all over again?
Now all that needs to happen is for the government to be accused of making bad weather.
What made you choose Venezuela and not any of the others?
I never want to think I fight a lost cause.
I will run, what do I care
Diaspora blogger From New York City to Haiti sums it up this way
and insulting the supreme leader.
Is the Nigerian Blogosphere Dying?
Four of them were Global Voices authors.
I was shocked and did not know how to react.
Most of the time we need to make our way out.
Can you give us an example?
It took them long enough.
Along with countries like Morocco and Lebanon, Puerto Rico is committed to promoting discussion and raising awareness among students.
Let me give you a live example.
We will try to make sure that Malaysia will follow the international standards.
So they say in Russia, and in Kazakhstan.
Refugee camps, he says, are terrible places.
Key factors to watch The Electoral commission
They need to fight again in another day.
Internet users in Brunei are asked to support the campaign by spreading information about the issue.
Dear friends fighting for life
We need an African perspective on the world stage so we can tell our own stories.
Here are some reactions on Facebook.
The website pointed out that many reports have mixed up Nepal police with Chinese police . Guide
But what can we do without Russia?
He explains further trying to put thing in right perspective
Do you speak any human languages???
So this is what i suggest.
Barbados Free Press comes to the rescue.
We can blog about it.
There are others covering the economy, for example.
Now the case is still under trial.
Twitter being what it is, gives people room to say what they think about anything.
They too have relatives and friends caught up in the violence.
This is a society which calls rape love.
There are two things at play here
This was the response to that, according to the UK Guardian
It was also necessary for people here, and especially in the regions where there is limited access to information.
Yet I have confirmed that the book reached the Reporter.
Did you forget what he has done?
Ugandan girls, have you heard?
In a recent visit of Brazilian officials to Japan, it looked like the final decision was near.
Do not let the rain win this election.
None those of who are encouraging to vote can answer this, yet very simple question
He looked at me and said
Shared image by the artist and published with permission.
Education is an important issue in Kyrgyzstan, especially for girls.
The wall, of course, will protect no one.
So how do we do it?
Today, the situations is almost back to normal.
As such, the administration decided to appeal the case to the US Supreme court.
You can watch the video here
While resistance to Safe Schools continues, support for the program is widespread.
Great danger behind the black hands.
He told the court he experienced extensive torture during the first three months of his detention
I just know what the truth is.
Links provided by the author.
Ever since his arrest, protests were staged and online campaigns were organised to demand his immediate release.
In addition to opposition leaders, some prominent members of the opposition parties were also detained.
The report itself reveals that such behavior is rare.
Here are some related tweets
I have gained a guarantee that laws would be followed by both citizens and the authorities.
They are all ordinary people who want to live in peace, work, earn their living, and raise their kids.
However, there were very few updates on the trial until the very end when the appeal was rejected.
One by one we plant the rice and pray for their success.
Our memories seem to come alive.
Draft Law on Repression of Attacks Against Armed Forces
What should it focus on and how we can help its development?
If you are in Africa, write to the African Commission office in your country.
What message do you hope to send?
I am in both positions.
She was most strange woman.
Where else can one stop by on any high way and rest or help others, so easily, without fear?
It was one of war, death, and suicide.
His death is like that of someone close to you.
Some Twitter users have already started posting their comments on the hashtag.
To do this, set up a plan on paper for operating the farm.
I had no rights in this work.
The protest action still pushed through.
We did not say we want to watch the shows without paying for those.
The world is with you in creating the change that we need
And it was struck in the recent war.
They write what they themselves believe.
Will also writes about his experience in his blog.
The Morocco Report also blogged the story, saying
On that train, I finally got some sleep.
but this showed that they the authorities were afraid.
Read on here to find out what she does.
The account of a Bahraini member of the royal family who showed support to ISIS, currently suspended.
Can China really achieve sustainable energy?
But why is that impossible?
For the more informed, it is not a surprise
State institutions, large business groups, armed forces, the police.
Otherwise we get no phone line
There is only one question
I have always wanted to be a world leader.
Take a good look at this photo.
When you stood, everyone stood like you for two, even three, days.
for the first time in history the majority of voters will be young.
And why not, when he has lived all of this?
I know of more than one Egyptian who comes from a mixed religious background.
Later he reported even more progress
And on the status of the single women in the society.
Although the Democratic Party refused to participate in the resignation campaign, they joined the rally to show their solidarity.
You have to touch Havana every day, handle it, enjoy it, you have to understand it.
Bangladesh may see similar results.
From time to time we reflect on how we have changed.
She had done a good job while looking after my brother and sister.
They have to bid online and keep a constant communication with the supply chain.
united in our diversity ...
And it is a matter of choice whether one finds funding from the state or otherwise.
The military parade at the Red Square in Moscow.
Is there any form of pressure from the government on bloggers or Twitter users?
We live from crisis to crisis.
Let us raise the voice of reason.
What are the traditions in your part of the world?
The World Cup is about more than just winning or losing.
Keep the message positive and spread the peace through cultural diversity.
This is the way this administration is going.
Messages drawing attention to the issue have also been spreading through Twitter
The list of blogs which have been censored are
I hope you all had a good one.
Google Talk  Global Voices Google talk was picked up fast by bloggers from Malaysia and Indonesia.
Independence Day  Global Voices Independence Day in Pakistan.
She had set the following rates
It is a major problem for us now.
Otherwise, capacity building will continue to be a long slow process.
In the past, these were treated as ordinary photos.
Driver of those two vehicles
In this time in humanity, one could expect this kind of stuff.
And the polling station was there, too.
We must be ready and strong to face the challenges ahead.
We know how important it is to be aware of the LATEST NEWS about the country.
Are you used to going to soccer games?
It is our version of citizen journalism.
To the Syrian revolution with love, used under CC.
He is now the third activist to be arrested in the past month on similar charges.
That was how Stories of Nepal Facebook page was born, and its community has come a long way.
According to Syrian Refugees, a site run by the Migration Policy Centre at the European University Institute
a lot of people are now filled with respect to him.
It is a lot closer to China than South Korea and Japan.
If you truly love Thailand, you should not be wearing yellow or red.
There is no dignity in prison
I guess, just like everyone, he must be very excited, of course
In this letter, she claimed that her husband was kidnapped.
It is republished here in edited form through a partnership with Global Voices.
Perhaps you may benefit from hearing the full story.
My blogging friends, the original post is here in my blog.
In this report, Twitter also revealed more detailed information on who is making the requests from the US.
Is there nothing else to teach in school?
Most bloggers have kept silent.
I think it is a normal process.
Same things are taking place at any ministry.
Work, work and more work.
How does it all add up?
I am bringing some of my books.
But others chose to cross the border into Turkey and start a life far from war, bombs and death.
It is hard to blame them for this.
Hope it is what you want
Do we really want to go back to that period of time?
The second time was during a peaceful day in Tahrir.
Thousands of political prisoners disappeared there.
Are we then asking for equality in police torture recently shown on television channels?
Her safety was more important to us...
Is this a human rights violation?
It is our right to choose names for ourselves and our children.
The name is not very nice.
It will take a while before any results will be announced.
A version of this article was previously published on Medium.
According to his posting, however
Their interests are thus in opposition to China.
Thailand parliamentary election news  Global Voices Parliamentary elections in Thailand are unique.
The way those people react is universal, we can identify with them.
If the voter base moves in this direction then we will see the politicians move this way too.
So I chose the other option
Bring doctors back to health centers in rural areas.
I was quite scared as well.
As an Arab and a Muslim, there was nothing much I can benefit from what Obama has to say.
I am sorry but please take a look.
They are losing their children in battle.
The general secretary in the press conference
Flag of the new Republic of South Sudan.
right out on the front page of our newspapers??
It will have a positive influence on gay rights.
If that is not possible, the government should make an official announcement of occupation.
We demand that violence be addressed
against violence or against demonstrations?
It is important to create a celebration for kids in Eid.
There are nine students in all.
This profile is part of the series.
Why should I want pictures of an empty room now??
She went looking for voices you rarely hear speaking for themselves in international mainstream media.
Below are a few examples thus far
My thoughts are with their families and them.
If there is a safe place in this world, it is this country.
The very basic understanding of my country Singapore was stability brings wealth.
I was on the way home late at night yesterday.
But how far away are the terrorists, really?
Road costs to remote areas are also a factor.
They promised that they would release us once the event is finished.
The video below shows thousands at national protests across Brazil
Two opposition members who participated in conversations with the government were arrested in the last two months.
It was a great victory.
We are victims of our leaders, more than we are of the US
Third World War in the Making?
If you have that, you can run it.
Photo released to the public domain.
Will he eventually become a politician?
They fight for the right to be heard.
Are the Americans happy with this progress?
Please also read our previous report on the same program.
But there you have it
And here comes Global Voices in Italian
One week before she was killed, she said to me
When we lived in Uganda, they were my neighbors.
At least for the time being.
How did you know about Global Voices Online and what made you interested in it?
Some critics have opposing stance.
I would like to go back, but not to live.
They GET it, they know it, they love it and they are learning from it.
Use your eyes to discover beauty
There have been a series of attacks against Christian church groups in the country in the past months.
It was the same with newspapers.
Even Black Gay Arab is.
Moscow time There will be no wedding.
very simple, very natural, very honest.
At first they collect the tax this much.
And certainly not on TV
A new investigation started against me accusing me of
But he never got back to me.
It all started about a week ago in the city centre.
How we go about doing this is an open question.
Since when do you have a website?
It is a major income source for the government.
Reporters without Borders has reported the arrests and called for their release
Those are three of the four official languages of Bolivia.
Everybody is talking about it
What are the reactions of Myanmar netizens?
This is a summary of posts about the award from South African bloggers.
They were never absolutely certain he had one.
He comes from a family of prominent human rights advocates.
Talking about the aftermath of the tragedy I concluded
He was arrested and accused of terrorism.
This blog will be an interesting one to follow in the coming months.
What could the reason be?
Thousands of Polish netizens reacted immediately.
They even used tear gas there
The one thing they had in common was their hatred.
But, as I said, the regime itself created this in us.
A future with good housing.
This is death in the making.
Surely most of the fans there are going for the football.
I feel nothing but pride, for I see one Pakistani putting his self on the line for his principle.
Only someone who has been there knows...
The series of trade conflicts these years has extended to the internet.
Many people are calling this a historical moment.
These are just a few examples of power abuses by the Russian police.
Photo by Center for Civic Courage, used with permission.
Did the government know this when it decided to start the war?
a few of them have their own blogs.
This is not Islamic is it?
We have represented bahrain in international events and got recognized.
This is a challenge in and of itself.
This leads to another issue
The majority is probably silent and has no access to internet.
This is the progress of the society.
Poster of march against violence at the University of Puerto Rico.
Career  Global Voices Women and having it all
These building have potential to attract a great deal of tourists.
And later they will cry that no one wants to get them out of there.
You see this old man and ask yourself how on earth you can be such a shame for humanity.
As long as he keeps it under five hours.
Do You Know What Sustainable Fashion Is?
Internet shop in the Philippines.
But the genocide did happen.
Going Digital The virtual election is not new to the Russian opposition.
They all want to have one.
writing at This is a Title asks
Are others having the same problem?
Little did we know this would be our last one of him being alive.
According to the US State Department
Rising prices means problems grow quickly.
Civilians on both sides are paying the price.
He explained his perspective to local media
Where we are headed for, by whom and in which direction, it is a big question.
But we try hard to live a life and we study very hard.
See the Frequently Asked Questions for additional information.
if not yet, then soon, very soon.
What do the children do?
The state of emergency has been widely condemned.
Please take it easy, information will be blocked and the real situation will not be reported on.
Who suggested for a moment that he could ever win?
There are basically two problems with the social media tax.
In this post, we introduce you to four of these brave female journalists.
Not a big deal, right?
Of course, if you are not a local resident, you have to travel there to play the game.
It is also not a case of Bahraini bloggers.
Kenyan bloggers are celebrating this unique moment in the history of their country.
Do you happen to notice something here?
They have been replaced with a message of good will.
I do this because I want our people to be more aware about their language, culture and history.
This is not to say that I did not call on God to make it stop.
People would apparently often approach the group, even as they were putting up the posters
Those hard days we shared together will never be forgotten.
The situation is quite bad.
Wondering, as I said it, why I should make it at all.
Administrative detention is a form of detention without charge or trial.
Africa freedom day, well I guess there is some freedom to celebrate.
The things a man will do for a woman.
Have they all gone crazy?
He then offers a link to last week report on Israeli Human Rights Violations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory.
We now know that Iraqis can no longer trust their next door neighbors.
Iranian Girl explains why she started blogging.
Is this the country that wants to rule Asia?
I could hear the usual slogans.
there are not significant developments going on, just each year thousands more citizens leaving country
Taken from the Ministry of Culture Twitter account.
Others saw the forum as a good thing.
See the first part of this report here.
Do you feel what you listen to?
For most people, there is no internet.
Why did the military police choose to arrest only a teacher and a photographer?
They also grew to rely on social benefits a lot.
A new campaign was launched to protect Iranian users where we read
This is something that blogs are known for.
When and why did you first start to blog?
He warned them to shut up or face legal charges.
We support the right to freedom of expression.
This year, we got financial aid to build our own school, another big dream
China is full of corruption.
This attack is proof that intelligence gathering is not working.
To be sure, some of the traditions face more challenges than others
Facebook, twitter and a blog
It took one or two people to launch the attack and others would join in fighting back.
People are using Twitter to voice their support as well
This article originally appeared in the Bolivian blog community site Blogs de Bolivia.
How come I am rejected everywhere in the world with my Iraqi passport?
There must have been months of planning involved to create a car bomb as powerful as this.
The move led to another round of criticism.
This video, which shows the aftermath of the attack, is being widely shared on social media
Opponents, critics and journalists whose reporting puts the government in a negative light face imprisonment.
As for buying Egyptian, this is exactly what we need.
At first that was a real shock to me.
Ultimately, Kenyans are represented as having no agency or any form of resistance to corporate power.
So, not only had he been here before, but it seemed he might well come again.
Or did an earthquake happen in Delhi?
As long as that is there, the group will be strong.
most of their websites are out of date and have little information about anything.
Critics argue that this construction culture has become a form of violence.
He has been arrested in the past as a result of his human rights work.
Yet, some netizens suggest that there was no need to ban the film.
I mean in that Violence and Extremist instead of Terrorism and Terrorist.
This is a very important issue.
And in recent years, the Ministry of Education joined them.
The milk sharing websites and social media pages are easy to find.
The video shows citizens calling for justice, peace and dialogue.
I wanted to leave immediately.
Following are a few reactions.
They are an example to follow.
They have spoken but the press wants the president as an individual to speak first.
The first of whom was your wife.
Peace be upon you and your houses
the relations between different social groups and between individuals.
What do you think of those online communities?
Despite this, none of them have the same story.
This is what I think
The incident has happened for how many days?
Number of women, children, and elderly killed.
May they never see their families ever again
Everyone knows the implications of the jokes.
What are your next steps?
New groups of discussion have been created, urging teachers and parents to pay attention and participate in the discussion.
Her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university, bringing them back here from the east.
My reasons are in a letter that I made public.
Now, let me see this clearly.
This friend really knows me.
Of course Tajikistan is not Ukraine.
A radical change of the system is needed.
We stood for a few minutes.
Among the many shared online, here are just a few.
My Philippine Life looks into the language policies in the country.
As it has in Haiti.
Perhaps I will get to see it then.
The restaurant management issued this statement
I am looking at the people.
And the conflicts have already taken place
The film had made the censorship cut.
You block the channels am paying for?
President Mugabe Thinks Nigeria Is More Corrupt Than Zimbabwe  Global Voices President Robert Mugabe.
They will own these Games.
I now enjoy being all by myself.
I will go for it.
The electricity demand for development is a lie.
Her whole speech is focused on West
The head of the Ministry of Culture?
And why is this activity so important?
How can they do this?
But there were never any charges filed, and he left France hours later.
This is against the principles of free speech.
Drugs have long been a major problem for Afghanistan.
She already had two children
Technology is developing and the risks are increasing.
The corruption charges were discussed in a prior GV post.
Who is selling Cambodia to companies?
We have no more rights for it than Americans.
The technology is really fast we can enjoy it.
Can you really call that an election?
Photo taken by the author of this post.
What has your country done to provide the same for its people?
Determine a better Indonesia for our children
Study the past and prepare for the future.
Some schools in the area were also affected
Take care and see you.
It gives them innovative spirit.
Talking about these issues is the first step.
The full extended post is here.
What kind of recognition are you talking about
Thailand has been built over the Cambodian territory, history and culture.
Thus, they grow up having no connection with their bodies, no sense of freedom at all.
Any advice for Blog Bridge projects such as Global Voices?
Just to earn money on something that can be described as a national tragedy.
He is the head of state and the head of the army.
The challenges, though, are many.
We are not green, we are not yellow, and we are not red.
When I sat there with my man, the president came and sat by our side.
Global Voices Iraq the Model asks  Is Islam the solution for ending the violence in Iraq?
In short, I think that the current wave of attacks had one objective
Shock The news came as a shock to many.
Democratic Serbia should not miss this chance.
How to feel about China?
Who can prove that this video was not staged?
He will appear in court on Monday.
A great performance that the ruling party cannot deal with, ever.
We found a way out of the country and it worked.
He has been one of the most prominent active journalists in recent years.
Will this make things even worse?
And sure enough, yet again they did.
What does that mean, you might ask?
He has also been accused of direct involvement in the heavy crackdown and repression on the protesters.
The influential opinion leaders are not condemning those who launched a violent attack in public.
The government for failing to implement the law?
Why not, I ask you?
The Hungarian Tax Authority is not after me yet.
The kids only got to know North America again when they were getting ready to go to university.
Serbia, which had a war a very short time ago, will soon get an EU candidate status.
After a year I was subject to a lot of social pressure which almost caused me to stop.
An anonymous Weibo user commented
Social media networks immediately became one of the main channels of communication.
One organization that has caught my attention is ONE.
And how much money do you think she was given?
So what are the main topics of your research?
Long Live Justice, Equality and all this is good in this world
Do I need to be positive first before I can know all this information?
You cannot have it both ways
Nor would they like the world to know what happens in Mexico.
I did not expect such a reaction.
But I have to ask
He asked the owners of some mobile phone shops
Driving license is organized corruption.
But then, she saw an interview that changed her perspective
You see, I always make it look like an accident.
I am truly sorry for him.
Together they traveled from Afghanistan to Greece, hoping to make their way to Germany.
They lower the average salary level, because they cost much less than we do.
How was the process of starting up particularly in terms of building the infrastructure and the user base?
Is it true that English and Taiwanese blog communities are largely independent of one another?
Where is the petition for our journalist????
What is strange is that she appears to my sister and talks to her about things about me.
All projects have identified as next steps
Many sources have placed the death toll in the hundreds
Until now, nobody has ever really asked the average citizen for their opinion.
Thank you for leading the way to the next General Elections
It is the place from where we are emerging.
They were on this literally minutes after the story broke.
that is, they have a met need for family planning.
Some have argued that the law was not so necessary after all.
Egyptian parents do not give their children room to grow.
The physical repression on this day was brutal and left at least two people dead in Tehran.
Have you been imprisoned before?
Can Tweets Prevent a Massacre?
But I hope that these courts also understand how such a decision can contribute to society.
You can find anything among them.
Arabs are in a deep sleep
Any questions may be directed to the email mentioned above.
I love you Tunisian citizens.
Russia does not say that she is in or out of this business.
The punishment was actually to force people to live in the Soviet Union.
This is another ideological wind.
Other examples of slogans from this year included  Forward into the dark past
There is one danger, however.
For more than two decades, activism and advocacy efforts have had little effect, especially at the policy level.
But did this go out only on the website?
There is a panel where they suggest what is needed for the film
You let them grow it.
The release of prominent political prisoners is cited as an important step towards the Myanmar democracy journey.
Round one goes to Iraq The Model
More photos can be found on Civil Movement of Afghanistan along with a report.
He lived by that and for that we are proud of him.
And that was an occasion not even initiated by the media.
So, in half the time Israel has killed almost the same number of Arabs.
It is published on Global Voices with his permission.
Can You Hear me Now?
One such useful post is the one titled
One that will give power and dignity to every Egyptian.
Some Russian bloggers seem to be working on that already.
actually, it seems you only know how to shoot.
What is your first language?
Religious violence in Sri Lanka is on the rise.
This story is a tragedy.
Will the Economy Really Improve?
He felt strong as a giant.
Some things are best kept public...
A summary of the discussion will be published.
But you are from a Muslim country, right?
Read an interview with him regarding the book.
Really making a go for it
Tahrir Square has gone wild with anger
I am not worried at all about Japan hosting the Olympics.
However, the real news came the next day.
What happened with birth control methods?
But this time, the move could have global implications.
I had just arrived a few days earlier.
Art has a meaning only after we participate in it.
What is radio for if not for immediate news immediately?
at least I learn from them.
Finding a job is a tough thing because you have to fall down and get up again and again.
social visits, watching television and blogging.
However, both sides agree on one thing
And no, the crisis is not to blame.
Can you explain the daily challenges that an Afghan blogger faces?
Image taken from a Facebook event page.
It was no longer safe for us civilians.
They are not voices of the politicians.
There is hardly any time.
How many roads must a poet walk down before he is awarded a Nobel?
but we do not know why.
Nuclear negotiations with Iran have made Obama into a Shia
Domestic support, without a doubt.
This is where the foreign war called war on terror has taken us.
Your body is always moving.
they are difficult to counter, cost little to maintain until required, and can be put into place quickly.
He used the platform for only six weeks.
Mainstream newspapers and radio stations ignore the rally and go about their business like nothing happened.
But such a statement came too late, much later than the fact was actually discovered.
We needed to bridge the gap.
You can look at it as a collective personal blog of Syria.
It is for this reason that I make this considered announcement
However, high school and college students were more critical.
His readers have always been mainland friends and fans.
Two months earlier, another member of congress and the Senate Human Rights commission had suggested something similar
I was feeling weak and unable to move.
All of you stay safe and stay strong.
As the Immigration Policy Center points out
Have you any news on the elections?
Discussions on the Net focused on whether suicide stories are funny or must be taken seriously.
When the Western countries moved out of Sudan, the Chinese moved in to fill the gap.
The main questions that the bloggers are asking now are
The violent attacks bring back the old discussion about security in the city.
Bangladesh is facing a political crisis.
This documentary website explains how it happened.
I can walk real good.
Unlike in the novel, most of these individuals have known each other for some time.
Next year, it will be the same again.
Efforts like his are making a difference.
Continue meeting with the mass media.
Please introduce yourself and your blog.
Information about the group simply disappeared from the online register.
Read the first here and the second here.
It seems most other schools are closed too.
So if anyone in the community have any question or challenge, please contact me by any way you like
Now will go and tell him.
The point of all this is that there is a possibility, and especially the right to choose.
Rights belong to people and people need to know the truth.
Both nations claim that the area belongs to them.
As expected, the stories are sad.
What role can media houses play to bring security and safety to journalists?
She has written about famous authors and musicians, as well as education issues.
What difficulties do the young European diaspora face today?
The days which are ahead will be strange but wonderful days.
The Lebanese Bloggers this week.
My aim is to think positive and make the world positive.
in so many things that I could not deny.
I wonder if this will become an annual event.
Or, in fact, one race.
Why are they getting this things?
This makes one wonder, what is the problem with Jamaica?
Multiple comments on the post praised her for reporting the incident
She is shocked at how police treated the demonstrators
But this is not enough.
New Media is one of the things that will be discussed.
It always helps to know the full story.
A few hours after the son was arrested, your mother was informed.
The Police Complaints Authority has since launched an investigation into the killing.
The reason was an Israeli security need.
Those are our rules, period.
the fact that the academic staff has to fight for the obvious is the whole point here.
Traditional wedding generally takes up to three days, two days longer than modern culture.
Could you please return it to me?
The band wrote on its website
Is that against the law?
There are many experiences charged with anger, but also with ideas questioning home and country, nation and identity.
Beyond Your World would likes to make a big contribution with this special project.
The Israeli government tried to continue its censorship but has now come clean apparently
She had good friends here, people who liked her.
As Human Rights Watch reported
The radio and tv news confirmed this.
There was literally nothing else to do.
What is the perception of the real situation?
My father was part of the first wave of Africans who were sent overseas to study.
All links lead to Spanish language pages.
The police should pick him up.
Half an hour ago the fighting started here.
I left encouraged, and inspired by the environment bloggers of the Mother City.
The notice now appears when one visits any of the banned websites.
If they cannot protect themselves, how come we expect them protecting us?
And in this they are not alone.
Here are some of tweets over this very controversial subject.
Photo by something like art via Facebook.
Blogging is an easy way to share your opinion.
They were killed at the end of last year.
Paul took great issue with this claim, saying
Photo courtesy of the artist, published with permission.
However, a lot of people are extremely positive about the car.
The petition was signed by three people.
The father never came into the picture.
Generally, music plays a huge role in making Christmas, well, Christmas.
I want to cover our reaction to this phenomenon and show it to Jewish communities throughout the world.
A new website is also dedicated to the cause.
Then, I joined the protests.
Panama City is constantly growing.
Photo from Long Hair Facebook.
Does the fact that a single party has mostly ruled Tanzania make it less of a democracy?
He really created a blog about art and literature.
In addition, the demands and slogans are the same
Our time to turn the page on the policies of the past.
Of course, news about the protest could not be found on Weibo.
However, things have not turn out as expected.
nobody is safe here, in this country.
There are no problems, we are united and will remain like this.
So what are we going to do about it?
What inspired you to start Young Women for Change?
YouTube Blocked  Global Voices Too Huge World reports that YouTube has been blocked in Sudan.
In Turkey, the President is not elected by the people but by the Parliament.
It is unclear if the two events are connected.
By the end of that year they had successfully organized their first show as an artist collective.
Difficulties remain in knowing where, when and how to look.
My favorite thing was music.
Others have not been so lucky.
These images can help preserve the memory of individuals, who were victims of a tragic past.
We continue to throw away our unique culture
Your company is a joke
It resulted in an online petition against the ban.
No brief summary could do it justice
He changed the way Caribbean literature is written and read.
stating that the man holding the sign was one of its activists.
Academic blog The Conversation has details of the policy and how it would work.
The Arabic term translates roughly into
opening up the newly proposed Police reform bill for public review, online.
Maybe he did not completely understand what country he lived in.
Speaking with Global Voices, he said
Otherwise we can lose our culture.
or involved in any kind of political struggle with the regime on what they have to say.
One of the letters is featured in the book
But then I have to ask myself
The little scene worked for her
What do you enjoy most about GV?
Do not let Azerbaijani youth alone.
Can we still call this country doing just fine?
One of the losing candidates highlighted this in a Facebook post
By women in the office.
War and Peace  Global Voices United We Blog
She ends her post asking
Communications, water and electricity will be shut off.
The documents make reference to African countries and its leaders.
What do they think of YOUR blog?
And, a sign of hard times ahead
From my outside view of the industry, it does not look very healthy at all.
And there is an important thing that all Russians should understand
That, we speak both at home.
More interesting to me than the official celebration though, was the public response to the event.
He writes about the problems that may face this initiative
It is very hard work and dangerous.
And this blog gives you updates.
All that matters is that you are...
Making it this far is a good and real start.
You may not have noticed but recent trends indicate that the United States of Africa is already here.
Photo of Soviet television from Flickr.
Today was a ground offensive.
No, the hearing session was not public.
And then we ask ourselves...
Give us back our country and our pride.
What role does a writer play in society?
Truly, you are a great people.
I doubt that very much.
To make matters worst it was posted next to used cars
But the waiting remains difficult.
Facebook and other famous social networking websites are blocked by Iranian authorities.
Describing the recently translated book, he said
The campaign then took off.
In Lebanon, we are free to write or say whatever we want, unlike in Egypt or Syria.
And to prove what you tell him about me you suggest that he keep the date instead.
Used by permission of the photographer.
The platform allows sending letters to the Members of Parliament.
Were you studying gender issues in the UK?
At the last minute he decided to exercise his right of seeking asylum.
This I believe, is the reason for blocking the site.
Others are distributed throughout houses
We both live in Zimbabwe so that gives us a lot in common.
Citizen journalists covered the event live.
The article, with no author signed to the piece, begins by saying
I have No Deal with a Dictator.
Universal Declaration of Human Rights at the Museum of Memory and Human Rights, Chile.
Of course it was not meant to be.
He has applied for asylum and is waiting to hear back.
How did you get started?
That will encourage more youth to document their language and culture.
what are we doing wrong?
His parents had passed away and his heart also died with them.
That is what is most important.
As we have seen television and website broadcast, it did not seem to be so.
What did the word corruption mean to them?
So what are the best blogs?
Taking the example of Ghana, he explains
People have the right to peaceful protest to demand change.
Nothing would change, nothing would ever change.
Officials have blamed the Taliban for these incidents.
Even when we have to organize the elections ourselves.
Life is just a number to you, but for those who have lost their family members, they lost everything.
And Finally Baghdad Connect has a novel idea to end the American presence in Iraq.
send him to jail, whatever.
Most Diaspora based Ethiopia focused News and Information Websites are blocked in Ethiopia.
The process is not easy.
Lebanon has an election coming up and a host of its own issues.
Poster created by the Japanese Ministry of Justice to address hate speech.
Just to make a name in the media world?
And then her account was suspended.
It is your chance to expose them to every Saudi and Muslim.
To Debate or Not To Debate?
The judge cannot decide with that what comes from the hearing.
Video of Flooding in Central Myanmar  Global Voices Video
This is a protest against what Israel has become, in the name of what it once was.
He does not have a blog of his own.
This is happening in our social networks
She thinks Iranian people have become a joke in the eyes of the world.
This page in history cannot be turned as long as those who are responsible for the crimes are free.
Some people have been waiting for ID cards for five years.
And I was doing it all absolutely for free.
Bahraini activists are campaigning to stop the crackdown.
The choice of medium is an important part of the process.
Said there were many injured.
If one does not have access to radio, make your own station.
more and more Russian users show interest.
Both my parents were primary school teachers.
Malagasy Bloggers have set up a citizen reporting platform to crowd source information during the storm.
Well, I will get some sleep too.
This is why I choose to remain an independent blogger.
The book is available in the public domain.
The boys did not have criminal records, nor were they known to the police, so why did they run?
Can you talk about your work now within the government?
How many supporters will leave his cause?
Besides, it is not something that you share with your friends.
All of these things, of course, take time.
But did they tell us that it was ONE street only?
There will more than likely be news in coming days.
All eyes are now on the next big national political event
By then there was not much shooting and not much electricity either.
The Brazilian blogosphere has yet to respond.
Power keeps going on and off.
We wish to thank the following people for their interviews in the documentary
It is very important to have this perspective.
To add fuel to the harassment fire
And legally, he is the one responsible for it.
The long walk to vote.
Good teachers are driven away.
They are having to sleep outside.
Who says election cannot remove a dictator?
North Korea Tech blog wrote a brief analysis on this.
They simply do not know what the government has not yet revealed about the fact.
This candidate for sure represents the youth of the revolution
Why is she so involved in such causes and what does she hope to get out of it?
What were you doing for them?
It could do things like that.
It was the way to let the world know what was happening inside the country.
Would they find such an opportunity in their own country?
After going round the area twice, I noticed that some people had gathered and they were watching me.
Some have taken to Twitter, urging others to do the same.
It is our role to set this right.
In addition to its website, the club has a blog.
He was beaten up by security forces.
The internet was adopted quite early in Iran.
She also says she does not have a clear understanding of citizen media yet.
She has more than a million fans on Twitter.
Our country needs us, we are the driving force behind the progress of our nation.
He always kept a few on his personal staff.
What inspired you to create the app?
They will calm down as soon as they take under full control.
It was interesting how he feels strongly about it.
I am still thinking of ways everyday.
They are being edited and updated.
It is difficult to mention all the things that the Syrian immigrants can do for Syria.
As the night gives birth to morning and days to weeks, our programme in this sector will become clear.
Very few had any life in them.
The true symbol of Russia is neither a mosque nor a Kremlin.
How can this ever be good for Singapore?
It was very interesting there.
A Concert in Support of Illegal Immigrants  Global Voices Ghana
What that means is trust building measures have to taken.
Read his post to find out.
What topics interest you the most?
She goes on to list who has the most to gain
And who knows that girl?
This blog records some of the events that I have experienced as a taxi driver.
I could not do anything.
His relationships with his whole family suffered.
Since then, both bloggers have lived under close surveillance by state authorities.
There were thousands of people.
Because abortion is already a reality in Chile.
Solidarity with Prisoners campaign page, Facebook.
Today is an important day.
For there to be a war between us, first we must be afraid of each other, we must hate.
Does it make a difference?
Sorry to post these graphic images, but I must.
I need to believe that this situation will resolve quickly.
And finally, I made the following comment on Twitter
There are some, but very few.
Campaign data showed that the higher the voting rates, the more likely Park was to win the race.
Complete English translation is here.
They are sometimes making loss.
I wonder is that fair?
I could go on and on and on...
they went to the refugee camps in eastern Nepal.
Who are those People ...
President Xi keeps expressing his concern for the common people.
Or just impression which is very common in your country.
but the court finds them not guilty and orders their release..
There is no more state, no army, not enough food and nearly no more country.
Taiwan has signed a controversial trade agreement with China and several Southeast Asian nations.
A few more examples of appropriate technology come from the blog Public dreams of a blind ICT user
From the start, culture and freedom of expression were at the heart of the movement.
We can decide what is good and what is bad for us, better than those
This latest assassination is what it always is
Many Bolivian bloggers are excited about this news.
To the young men in the streets ??
we have finished our work for today.
I am a member of about ten Google groups.
How can we ignore all this?
We are just at the beginning.
Blogs have set out challenges
How Are Do You Use the Internet?
This is a problem, but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence.
Who do you call, when police murder?
Gay Armenia informs its readers that a new LGBT NGO has been set up in Armenia.
This is the third month and investigations are still continuing.
I was asked a strange question yesterday
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated.
We asked him several questions.
Read more on our live blog
AFRICA is proud to have you as a Son.
For me, this is personal.
I love what I do.
If I do that, I can get cold.
I spent a long time trying to determine the cause.
According to one news report the Congress Party has the most number of rich politicians in the country
Are you happy with the result?
I do not know if it seemed that way.
Politics and Technology  Global Voices Blogging about IT and technology is common topic for many Indian bloggers.
Today was not political will in action.
And you can do anything you want.
It is not that the scene is foreign to us.
Here is what the people feel about Mr. Nepal as the new prime minister of Nepal
Will it make a difference?
If something happens, he will definitely call me.
I need it so I can get on the internet and blog.
The state of Global Voices.
We have the Constitution by our side
New York has a unique character.
Some would consider it pretty normal for a son to miss his father on the special day.
I think what we need to do is to look at what has been happening in the streets today.
These groups of people represent mainland China.
Were they aware of that?
and the planned measures to avoid them.
It could mean more severe charges Adding
These problems should have been addressed, and were not, at least until recently.
And by going into debt
They do not know if that is going to happen.
Global Voices What is next for Kenyan football?
Now, only four are in operation.
And much of the criticism comes from Muslims.
It is probably much worse in the US than here.
The app now serves eight to ten million daily users from Iran.
A New Start for Barack Obama in Africa?
We can do a lot of things from where we stand.
Many of us fear that foreign workers will be a source of social problems.
The way things are going, he might need it.
She asked them why they were targeting the whole building.
Is that connected to, or independent from this document?
Our advertising campaign will start in August.
Every journalist must work without any pressure, fear, threat, or violence.
I understand his situation because our academic research in Tajikistan was also fairly sensitive.
the purpose was less immediate.
What do you think of the criticism?
and Where are the Africans?
Think about it MPs, which one is more likely to cause a threat to life?
They could have made a episode.
The program is also running in Tanzania, Indonesia, India and Nigeria.
People gathered in the night and held public meetings.
Or, at least, this is how it appears to me.
Regarding your second point, I could not agree more with you.
Watching The World Cup Together Arab World
I think we all have the answer.
Those were my dreams for the moment.
Police rarely stop me, but if they stop me, it is usually because of my general look
how could you be both at once??
We, Iranians, do not want a war
Do we have to aim higher?
Police have taken down the panel since then.
Business Watch  Global Voices Zimbabwe Business Watch
If this happens, this will be a disaster for Israelis.
Friends, again I must ask you for a favor.
You are calling on people to stand against the state with this Iranian woman.
A few words that no one would have noticed are now spread everywhere across Hong Kong.
This thing is really taking off.
The film tells the story of a Malagasy village fighting to achieve independence from French colonial rule.
Yesterday, a man was seen on a TV channel.
Then we get written out of the narrative.
Nigeria Best forum Blog writes
Think about that for a second.
As expected, the Cambodian government has filed a diplomatic protest over the creation of this website.
This will be covered more fully later.
Screenshot from Street View Blog The author says
It is a very useful tool for sharing information.
He treated them as a sign of progress.
Let us have a look
Here are the first reactions.
Screenshot from the project website.
Figure the cost of providing water to the use areas.
How do they manage to express their views?
I wondered why I was denied access to my office or lawyers.
And many people call them terrorists.
But none of these has been implemented.
I was finding my voice.
It is good for both countries.
It took us about an hour.
He was a man that stood for his principles.
In May they have proven it yet again.
They also fought for other health causes.
The same phenomenon appeared and continues to appear on a larger scale.
We must have longer ballot hours.
How to you plan on involving citizens?
All with the same intention of in the novel, to tell us
I hope my posts would be fairly representative to both of the Syrian bloggers and to their readers.
By the time we arrived, the party was already going strong.
stop watching state tv and come to tahrir.
A petition is also available here for those interested to sign, which calls for the bloggers release.
For this, I have fought all my life, and for this, I have been imprisoned.
In small cities and villages things are as usual.
Up until last year, the government denied there was any humanitarian problem.
They report alleged human rights violations in different regions
I worked as a volunteer at a human rights organisation.
Just one year ago, women were not in the same condition as they are now.
To separate this character from the particular interest of a group is to lie to the people.
Here the dreams of Latin American artists are carried out in different ways.
However, at least in these spaces, there were no victims or injured as a result.
But local government held back the media coverage at the time.
Go on and post on the subject.
It was a wonderful way to connect with people directly.
Why do I do this?
We know the truth, and the truth is
What I like most about blog is that we share information
I wrote about internet censorship in Pakistan here.
We are left with no choice
Are the any other problems that bloggers face in Taiwan, such as freedom of speech?
London also hosted an event.
We are in a new era now.
Would you like to find more ways to join the conversation?
We live in a rural area.
You have all worked so hard
What are you doing to mark World Water Day?
Iran is an Islamic republic with a majority Shia population.
Response to Crime Affecting Tourism?
There are also more basic problems.
With these words on it
I submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life.
And this, in effect, means most of modern America.
The fact that they lost already is out of question.
Was it really that hard to see the situation from a different perspective?
Voices from Zimbabwe  Global Voices It has been a busy two weeks in Zimbabwe.
How many people have you got involved?
This is my justice system.
I wanted to do something that would change this feeling.
The proposed law is only in the lower house of parliament at the moment.
They wanted nothing to do with being Arab.
This is a huge tribute to every single person involved in the Global Voices project.
In Trinidad, Black Lives does only Matter in the US.
The challenges were not few.
Instead I will say that abortion is NOT something that should be in any constitution.
The protest quickly spread to many countries.
Well that just about covers it.
which they were unable to notice because Spanish is not their native language.
The actual photos are not shown in the video.
I thought, however, that this merely was a matter of process.
As I read the story I kept asking, how?
So are we without a government again?
Again am sorry, this was never intended for the public.
a piece of them is for every Mexican.
But for many, the struggle continues.
that protest was not attacked by the authorities like the opposition protests usually are.
Because you will never have his hatred either.
They are fundamental in the growth of the South African internet.
After the rally, discussion continued within the different groups on Facebook and on Twitter.
I will work with you all to create a new Tokyo government like we have never seen before.
Can someone explain to me how what is happening now is justice?
Construction Works meet Public Health  Global Voices Haiti
This is what she has to say about it
As citizens we deserve better.
A few days ago a young man came to the ministry and spoke to one of the employees.
This is just the beginning.
They probably are not even aware of the existence to some of them.
I had to see it again.
She never experienced the joy of playing with friends.
After all these years of peace, a terrible thing has just happened
Global Voices Online has also has coverage of the case on the Azerbaijan country page.
This post originally appeared on the WITNESS blog.
An unusual football field in Bangkok.
How did you get involved with this initiative?
He also offers statistics on Twitter users in Saudi Arabia saying
Our name, identity and language are secure as long as there are enough concerned citizens like this one.
and then, with this God on our side, we can face the whole world without fear.
It is set as a model.
We can say I am mostly inspired by people.
Genocide begins with the silence of the world.
Global Voices Russian politicians and public figures answer this question about Vladimir Putin
Earlier, he worked in the advertising industry.
We have a visit by the criminal police, the department for organized crime
But tensions are not yet over.
Some of them only do that for money.
How could you hate it?
It would make more sense if we die.
Who keeps you from taking good care of it, from raising game there?
On my way from here to there...
He learned the language, traveled the country and gets on well with everyone.
Is it a crime to be white in Zimbabwe?
They are talking big ideas.
But, I rather remember the resistance that we had since the first hours
Lebanon was always known for its Freedom of EXPRESSION and thought
Pakistani Twitter users were quick to spread the news and voice their reactions.
The list is still growing.
Do you want to live in such a country?
The entry includes a video report.
Let me tell you what happened to me today.
Flood relief response by a civil society group.
One day, one topic, thousands of voices.
He would offer no theory to account for her murder.
Additional projects Several other initiatives to increase citizen participation before the elections are also at work in Brazil
These sudden changes regarding drug regulations have sparked heated discussions online.
Global Voices Could the Central American nations form a united Central American union?
The event that Russian officials and bloggers were waiting for finally happened
And the only honest answer is no.
So that they will no longer be kept at a distance.
I discovered Global Voices about a year and a half ago.
One fundamental issue in Georgia is planning.
We lived without them before, so we will get by now.
There are also other projects, which did not enter the top five list, but still seem to be interesting.
They only wanted two things
into a call for freedom of expression.
The most encouraging of all are some Indian politicians using Twitter.
It came from another Facebook user.
He calls on Twitter users
All would get in trouble.
As a woman, I want no country.
The choice is up to you.
The importance of the Internet also goes for the slogans and posters.
I wanted to say that people need help.
He wondered if he had played it wrong.
has an excellent posting about Islam, Mohammad and his Critics that looks at the historical implications.
Also, an introduction to more women bloggers from Ecuador and Mexico.
And what is a security threat?
I quite like that hour a week I could give to the city.
All for a little water...
The documentary is available through YouTube, following is the first part
Please told her that they sentenced me to five years.
They presented a new face ...
She will be the voice of the peoples and civil society.
is presidential poll a fraud?
Not writing a single word, watch and judge
It is never too soon to start planning for next year, right?
Jail is not among them.
How long will we have to wait for honest leaders to lead us to the Promised Land?
She shares this poster on Twitter
I doubt any of them have health coverage if they are injured.
She was eventually referred to Civic Court, as required by law.
These people have lost friends and family in the last days, and face the risk of death each day.
Of course, they only come at night so that there is no one to call or anything to do.
Another very important contribution is translation of course.
The country has worked hard to establish and maintain political unity over the years.
The arrest did not leave any criminal record.
It is a total situation that is defended
Thank you for putting our tiny little nation on the map.
The budget for this event is huge, but not much has been done yet.
How can we accept this?
During this time, Ali recorded a video in which she explained why she was seeking asylum
Internal democracy and Politics  Global Voices United We Blog
Now I am alone, sad and tired.
What a wonderful celebration it was.
I live with the constant fear of being kidnapped.
It makes the following comment
I need to see it with my own eyes.
This is our latest roundup of referendum related posts.
The world is talking, are you listening?
Amnesty International launched an appeal for action in Zimbabwe yesterday, reports This is Zimbabwe.
It would save a lot of lives.
Who knew how much Jamaicans love Barack Obama?
I can send a little money home to my wife and children.
First, corruption is a criminal act, regardless of whether a majority or a minority of the officials are involved.
To some extent it is true.
However, some problems have occurred along the way
If you are a man, read them without making it about you.
YouTube is not blocked in Kuwait.
Things have been changed to an extent that is difficult to be understood.
In the third panel, she says
The battle extended over the night.
Where the hell were they all?
Some people are always safe but what about that one girl who has spoken against sexual harassment.
Because from the point of view of Catholic faith, they are not going to achieve anything.
We Sudanese need a new beginning.
This is possible for a couple reasons.
But how did a Bahraini blogger get involved?
I am an Arab, who was born an Arab, to remain an Arab.
We need, after all, a nation.
At first, I had to force them a bit to come and read it.
So in this sense we...
Maybe we are talking about them too much.
In another post, he further adds
Their courage and vision for a better society brought them to jail.
How is South Africa telling the world that they are football visitors?
The social media tax costs too much.
During this half year, no one knows what they did with my computer and phone.
Why Do Fellow Citizens Leave the Country?
But still, this is a big win
The people are, and they are still in charge.
For more on this story from Global Voices Advocacy, check out China
The earlier protests this year were documented by only one or two YouTube users.
Maldives has become a police state.
Whatever, we have to welcome the new registration system.
Shot of the leaked email.
There was an wide international outrage as this story broke out in the media
This crisis raises concerns about the activities of private banks in Afghanistan.
Looks like we have won another war.
But then people join and start writing about it.
This time, the protests were peaceful.
These people are big fans of history.
How this might play itself on the national and local stage is unclear.
Their aim is to spread poetry through music in different collective spaces.
But it was not the only one.
Here are some of the pictures shared
So what am I supposed to tell my kids now?
Who and why a person commit a suicide bombing?
According to the description of the event
He was arrested and jailed.
Is it just a matter of finding the time?
Russians might register on sites while traveling abroad.
And one woman there says
What the reason was, I do not know..
Why are Americans afraid of Russians?
a life which came to a sudden end.
He may indeed want to run.
So you do not matter to me.
We closed the door behind us and looked through the window.
Check their twitter coverage out.
Transportation is really difficult and we are not able to make it to our places of work on time.
Life in the blogosphere seems to be trying hard to go back to the way it was.
It was later proved that none of the dead had any criminal history.
catch a fire agreed that the whole point of the occasion was
Facebook posts have this child listed as one of those killed in the attack.
Why do you need the Internet?
Again is that even possible?
Most tourists visit Jordan in summer.
I have no idea how it could have happened in the first place.
There are only four countries in the region that are above the average
The site is managed by volunteer editors and authors.
My plan was to become a lawyer and also do international law.
Entry of police and other agencies into the media offices is a serious matter.
Add to that, Google recently launched a new blog in Arabic.
In one of her posts she lists possible things she would tell Obama, like
Still injured people waiting to become dead bodies.
Maybe, she thinks, out of fear or shock.
How does what you wrote in your last post, go along with that?
Three interesting newspaper stories came out during the last few days regarding the next Lebanese president.
She started to express herself in her blog.
The police behavior is different.
We are winning in the polls.
Out of this session may come
There is nothing wrong with it.
So how do we help them get on the program next year?
It reminded her of South Korea.
Why they did not even try to change that?
A Japanese business blogger observed
When this information is translated into a normal language, it runs as follows.
I hope that they grow into women who fear God, and are responsible.
Their daily activities still maintain the same.
This is a theme that is close to my heart.
Our people deserve a country based on the principles of peace, justice, and social solidarity.
Then one young woman was killed.
Since when do I give my kids whatever they point at?
but the letter went on
Does she truly think anyone believes her?
Gay Armenia says that there is now a similar growth of such blogs in Georgia.
Some netizens tried to report the news themselves by posting pictures of injured children on Weibo.
, what voices would be left??
So through journalism we used to report a lot on human rights abuse in Ethiopia.
We came up with the idea.
What do you like best about your job?
Openly gay except to his mother.
They certainly have their work cut out for them.
See him with your own eyes
So is not it time that the two communities begin listening to one another?
Does he care about things that matter to you??
Then the figure moved on.
Jamaica has done it again
Or is the camp outside the Lebanese borders?
More information can be found in a campaign blog for protesting against the construction plan.
Neither of these countries felt guilty or bad in any way receiving this money.
When I entered the internet to look for things, I was very disappointed.
State of Media  Global Voices let the mind speak
In this plan, Putin would play a key role.
The office has been burned along with the equipment inside it.
May this be the beginning of a more politically active Arab youth.
Internet Killed the TV Star?
She had warned the Serbian tourists of potential risks that they were exposed to as foreign citizens in Tunisia.
Two things have happened in recent months to bring the Council into perspective
I am not one to limit my potential and I want to achieve this goal.
All rhetoric and political campaigning aside, what serious person discusses and analyzes something like this?
This is not a level playing field.
a Bangladeshi mosque, and a West African one.
He has also his own blog and he is very active on Twitter.
Today they want a complete Gulf union
The first thing we read on the campaign page is
Yet, if this massive country cannot control its pollution, the whole world will be affected.
The journalist was detained and beaten by local police.
But the idea is to stay as a community service....
Government of the people ...
It just requires certain effort over a long period of time.
Clearly, this coup is the result of the ongoing political crisis.
They were always trying so you got to expect it.
It was also very easy with the help of the people of Brunei you know.
A few netizens suggested that it could have been an inside job.
She was arrested in April.
This is the only life I know.
So, let the Games begin
Its name says it all
Outside China, people may find this ad racist.
You can spend a couple more hours there and write a piece.
The KING will always live in the hearts of millions.
Did you have to be told that bloggers were also excited?
Developing Latin America Draws Near
There is also the fourth reason.
they do not have a political opposition and the mainstream media are conservative.
That would be very wrong indeed.
If there was ever a time for state officials and public figures to speak out, it is now.
What about her right to a life free of violence?
The minister explained to us what the key reason for that was.
I know that because I used to handle very large classes.
For young men of course.
Share with us your most original and creative ideas about language.
I know just one or two groups that are doing some studies on blogging.
You can get a job much easier if you are a political party member.
Let her see with her own eyes who the real terrorists are in this area.
Where is the third way?
Now I am at the immigration control area.
Are social media campaigns always a good thing?
What were you doing alone on the street?
Technical problems  Global Voices Please excuse the temporary change in our appearance.
And his identify was exposed.
Who knows the truth at this stage.
I said with round eyes.
Does your opinion in people change after you know their religion?
Mexican Protesters Have a Message for the President
Not everyone shares that opinion.
of a three million strong region that has earned these elections and is already actively preparing for them.
And this is very important in terms of future work.
The blogger says  ...
Above all, the book tells about the battle for identity the two countries have been engaged in for decades.
This is a good move.
See Africa  Global Voices See Africa is a new blog focusing on Africa
The situation remains the same today.
In what language do you blog and why?
The real problem is that law is applied to certain persons but not others.
Are You At Risk of Becoming a Terrorist?
Then she heard me speaking on the phone, in Russian.
The tourists may be staying out because of a recent coup in Fiji.
Also, if he was shot in the back, why was he found on his back?
Why she married him I do not know.
The democratic state should have time to talk to them personally.
So far it is the only country in Central Asia to have had a female president.
He in on the road and raises his hand.
I am happy about the temporary change to the flag
Tensions are high, but different sectors of the population are asking for dialogue and calm.
However, I consider such attitude as not quite correct.
Picture used with permission from the Zambian Eye.
But if anything was true in that moment, it was that we are all connected.
Another member of the Open Government Partnership is the Philippines.
How did you prepare and develop your research?
And I really am not.
But black people think about this stuff, constantly.
Stop it with the politics.
And we, too, did not understand it completely.
This Organization Is Fighting the Long Battle Against Poverty in Mexico  Global Voices Image credit
Sometimes they volunteer and sometimes they are paid.
However we must not let that stop us from fighting Evil.
she might forget she had ever been a mother.
On the other hand, some netizens pointed out that there is no difference between execution in Myanmar and China.
We believe that at this moment the phenomenon takes features of a genocide.
Let us find a way to improve the lives of all Africans.
It attracted ten of million visitors daily.
We just want to make an honest living.
we all recognize it, right?
For the Italian government, the writer is a convicted terrorist.
They are observers of the world and they offer a different perspective.
There are many more African food blogs than those listed above.
If the protesters in Hong Kong achieve a victory, we will have democracy everywhere in mainland China.
Whether as a man who died on a cross.
There still are no answers regarding this case of corruption.
They have since been released.
She belongs to all of us.
The setting of his narrative is Nigeria.
This is a constant battle.
What can supporters do to push for their release?
This is not the first time that dogs have been the subject of controversy in Malaysia.
No one is committed to the truth and nothing but the truth any more.
The will to change is there, but a lot to be done.
The discussion that followed was an interesting experience.
It plays a certain role.
Some of them still blame women for being the cause of harassment..
actually, more about active citizen participation through new media.
What Would You Write to the King?
This was not to be.
Stop political propaganda on the net?
We use social networks to send a message that we exist to as many people as possible.
Her statement was a hope, not a truth in which they could believe.
What is a country to do?
An agreement will be announced soon.
On the third day, he was extremely weak and kept asking for water.
These groups have also started an online petition.
What is your favorite post on the blog?
It is unclear at the moment when the voting for the bill will take place in the parliament.
Today Hamas has begun to think about what happens after a deal.
What have you got there?
the fall of the Interior Minister.
boys are so different from girls, they know so much poetry, of so many different kinds.
This is the time to take to the streets and to social media.
On corruption and business  Global Voices United We Blog
And related to that, of business groups.
I just wanted to tell you this.
People are waiting to see how the Justice system will handle this.
Every driver is required to carry a copy of the traffic rules in the vehicle.
She has raised their three children alone.
Muslim father, secular mother, and Christian child...
No relative of mine has been arrested.
Ukraine must get a Ukrainian Facebook office
It may be, but not necessarily.
How can you build a city and not inform the people living there?
So many of you have given your lives today.
This website marked the beginning of citizen journalism in Serbia.
Because our blood is one, our spirit is one, our language is one, religion is one.
There has of course been a great deal of response and analysis from across the Middle East.
In short, the China Model is a system of government that is based upon economic freedom and political repression.
On its website, the platform explains the reasons behind the campaign
I do not agree with such step.
How many countries are on the African continent?
However, yesterday I needed to send money and therefore decided to give it a shot.
All this helps me expand my views about the world.
How can I return their love?
It gives you an administrative set up for the enforcement the right and the implementation of the principle.
It felt like a big blow.
I choose love over fear.
Now he is old and beautiful.
If you defend yourself, you will serve prison time.
Come for a few days to live with the issues we are dealing with every day.
What do you mainly write about, and how often do you post?
They share a common future.
Surprise Candidates for Madagascar Elections  Global Voices Update
Before long it gets old.
He died shortly after being released from jail.
Is it the same online?
Citizen media was another topic discussed in blogs.
Australia, Canada, Egypt, Ethiopia, Kenya, Uganda, the UK and the USA.
This will be very difficult due to factors I have earlier mentioned in this piece.
I think she was Muslim.
Attacks on law enforcement authorities are also reported to be on the rise.
Set a goal and seek how to achieve is my secret.
The reaction was immediate, both in support and against.
especially as a fellow artist
Do we still need to report?
a lack of employment opportunities in their chosen field.
Wikimedia Commons Public Domain Photo.
it is who I am.
Blogger says I am not that alone in Iran Persian.
Now out of jail, ready to get back to streets
Can you tell us a bit about your move to publish online last year?
better wait and see for a while
In every note, it says as follows
he is out of place in our times.
After all, what is the problem with Father Christmas?
I do not know what to say , I am so angry.
What can I do for you?
He requests the crowd to be peaceful now and not destroy any public property.
the man is no more...
There is no sign that regulations will be changed.
It has an emotional hit with it.
Here are a few of the common questions we know you have
We do not need another group who does the same.
However, we can continue to send the message to the owners
And it was the only reason I think that I am still alive.
The internet was divided on opinion.
You need to know what you want and then try to find ways how to achieve what you want.
What is the aim of blocking Social Media when it is so easy to overcome it?
Who is behind this platform and what do you hope to achieve?
High speed Internet is extremely expensive in Iran.
It is a reflection of the lack of democracy and failure of the system.
Below is a selection of messages translated into English.
sign your deals away from the institutions of our republic.
I have to wonder who is writing these statements.
worst salary in the country.
Media, Citizenship, and Public Policies Under Debate  Global Voices All links lead to Portuguese language pages.
We need to remember what divided our society in the past.
He might take the sea route to Europe as well.
What does Facebook have to do with it?
For how long have you been studying the Internet?
This was part of the whole debate.
And so we went back.
Israel considers Iran a potential nuclear threat to its existence.
Do you have anything to add?
Your spirit and your good works live on.
And let them do it...
We are looking at only the negative things, the positive seem not to exist.
For now, however, alternative voices and bloggers do not appear convinced.
Until when will the government stop coming up with stupid statements?
We have so much in common..
What has been their impact?
What would you say to people in a similar situation such as yourself?
Who suggests topics for discussion?
Should the Church Pay All its Taxes?
It was actually reading the blogs of fellow bloggers that helped me the most.
The growth in the number of internet users.
I mean we still have a president who was elected.
A terrible loss for literature.
Who told you to do it??
The generation of his daughter is not afraid of the president of the republic..
Yet the reaction of Russian bloggers to Navalny is far from universal.
The question of course is, will they really be used for projects.
Criticizing the Government Could Get You Arrested in Malaysia.
For the government to provide for them?
Soon enough, the attack started.
Where have we heard that one before?
After all, you are considering politics.
And will it lead to legislative changes?
They control more than half the crucial positions in the country.
After all, this concerns our nation honor and we should be more critical.
Photo published under license of Creative Commons
We have a task at hand
Otherwise, you cannot have a conversation with that man.
What have you learned about citizen journalism?
The importance of the historical issues requires a very serious approach.
Long Live the people of Tunisia
No one knew where we were.
There is one big way we can help them.
Do politicians also use those platforms to communicate with the public?
This is also a record.
Culture and society play a role in the digital gender gap too.
And those who live in the cities and have access to the internet see little use in blogging.
This is what Iraqi experts have been saying for the last year...
The sites have a black background, with a note which reads
from the development of mobile financial services in the next years.
The battle lines have been drawn.
Why is it that some have to play by the rules while others play with the rules?
It was a very emotional moment for everyone.
My father was imprisoned in Libya.
It is not behind it.
Now, you have in government a party that openly practices corruption.
If you follow the Costa Rican blogosphere, you might assume millions.
Did local and international NGOs and civic initiatives help you during your trial?
whenever the body gets found.
This is what is most important.
Neither do I know what it is to be white and have children who are not
The terror became too much
When there is a will, there is a way.
You are going to dance in the streets, da
I have also seen a statement, a path, an identity.
For this decision a man must take personal responsibility.
Every year, hundreds of thousands of migrant workers leave Tajikistan in search of employment.
Against Illegal Abortion or Against Women?
I have accepted the fact that I may never see them again.
It was a PROPER war.
have we changed the strategy already?
We are not an NGO and we have no list of members.
What can we do about it?
As the old saying goes, never believe a story until it is officially denied.
The Open Government Partnership is a global effort to make governments better.
Living in Barbados could say nothing more than
The Revolution must continue ...
However, except for the famous sites, a visit to many other places can be a journey into the unknown.
Neighbors are usually prepared for these events, but they always need help to strengthen their homes.
Global Voices has linked to comments from India, Russia, and Africa in the past week.
They broke into that place, claiming they were looking for their wanted men.
How is your end of term going?
a press release, tweeted below, read.
The announcement has been the core topic of talk shows and has made its way to the blogosphere.
Sad news once again arrived from Saudi Arabia.
Long after first reading about him in college, I developed my own vision of the dream.
But their only tool is suicide.
I never say the sentence
What inspired you to start a blog?
We are all learning my friend, we are all learning.
But there were no rallies in other cities.
We were first, we did our best and now there are many to follow.
how will this be affecting their business?
In some ways, this group was similar to those who we have had in the United States.
We will be an Islamic state that will respect the rights of the citizens.
since when has Ramadan become the month of eating?
We look to the East because there is hope.
Tomorrow I am not going to school.
Who should clean up the pollution that got left behind, asks Catch a Fire?
This was when my part was over.
no one can know what was really going on in her mind.
Here are some of the reactions from Twitter on the day
It is a shame what you did...
A few comments to this post
How many prisoners are kept in each cell?
However, the country will still be facing real challenges, especially in the economic sector.
Democracy For Nepal takes a strong stand.
What would they talk about?
All these opened up a new world for me.
And this is where technology can play a role.
Not by a long shot.
Second, what will the Americans and EU do?
In Azerbaijan, free and open the internet is not.
A number of mixed race and religion families are sharing their experiences in the blogosphere.
on one hand, we can speak of the political parties from the opposition.
As you might expect, none have anything good to say about him.
She also describes a workshop on gender equality she led with a local social worker.
For those who missed this unique event, all films are now available at the official website.
And the world united along with East Timor.
At least two Facebook groups were set up to draw attention to the issue
The revolution does not necessarily have to be violent, it can start in the mind of every Lebanese.
blogs, tweets, videos and public Facebook posts.
All the headlines talk about one topic.
Is this correct or am I wrong in this?
This trip has opened my world much more than I thought.
Below are some of the pictures of the protests from Sina Weibo
The website gives a bad impression on South Korean society.
They need each other and let them sort things out the best way they know how.
If you cannot get a job, attempt to create a job for yourself.
Soon the national ministry declared they would found a team for special investigation.
These reports come from these Iranian towns
We wanted to create a real channel.
My message to the daughter
We need a government that can save the country from the problems it faces.
Christmas in the Philippines must be the worst time to drive or travel.
A summary of the presence of other countries can be found at the first part of this series.
One of the girls states
He ends with this reflection
Navalny could well lose his freedom before the summer ends.
It is no argument that the initiative is supported by all religious communities.
No cut away to breaking news.
Will Travel  Global Voices What is it like to be gay in the Caribbean?
Why do these strikes happen often?
For citizens, the wait continues.
Will citizen media replace traditional reporting?
I realized that my presentation and comments were wrong and offensive.
What does the Chinese want from Africa, say from Sudan?
Access to clean water is not just a human rights issue.
In smaller cities, they were less frequent, but still numerous.
Now more than ever there is a sense of regional identity.
This competition helped us discover some of our current colleagues.
Farmers hold a protest in front of a government agency to demand the release of disaster funds.
Take pictures along the way
One thing he did not mention was the death penalty.
And even so, I carried on.
Great and important speech of Obama in Cairo.
Two members from the Labour Party returned back to Hong Kong.
Neither was talking allowed, and cell phones had to be turned off.
A new torture method has just been discovered.
This time that seems to be different.
They do so because their parents do not have the means to pay him in exchange for teaching them.
So we do want to see that content, review it, and, if necessary, take action against it.
Because I want to express my self, to talk, to express my concerns.
But other bloggers are more critical of the state of politics in Kyrgyzstan.
like it was a book I always wanted to write.
It needs to wonder about immigration rights and the civil status of minority groups.
Netizens are encouraged to vote for their favorite brand.
Read more about elections regulations in Brazil.
Now to the subject of the parliamentary elections in Turkey.
Therefore I feel the need to inform you about this issue before the Sunday elections.
But her mother tells her that everything is fine and that it is for her own good.
But today the prison industry is one of the most powerful in the United States.
But before the first year was up, letters began to arrive.
This decision was heavily criticized worldwide, especially by human rights organizations.
The president was attending a Summit of Eastern African Nations when the coup was announced.
Tajik authorities say over a thousand citizens have joined extremist groups fighting in Iraq and Syria.
He could feel it on his face and in his hair.
Very few are in English, however.
As it appears, Obama came to engage himself into Russian domestic politics.
It might even be worse.
Government needs to be alive to its primary responsibility of protection of lives and property.
We used to have a diverse city.
According to a Facebook page set up by supporters calling for his release
potential conflict between Islamic Courts Union and Kenya?
This means that families can not get to Port to find out where their families are.
A few months prior to the elections, she was arrested and has been in detention since then.
The announcement is being circulated on social media.
I wanted to do something normal.
Death on Roads  Global Voices New traffic laws have been introduced in Saudi Arabia.
Why not create our own culture?
Global Voices Campaign poster for both camps in London.
Security forces came from near Cairo museum.
Have we, as Syrians, let him down again?
Right, but he was the one to sign this order.
it should not stay like that any longer.
how did you discover Global Voices?
Long blogs ago, I said that aid has never been free.
Ready to face the truth?
The comments on her blog carry forward the discussion.
the public needs to be aware so that it can protect itself.
Apparently he says, Jewish groups are protesting the film.
The American student further adds
How does the process work?
I miss them as I am way from home Malawi.
But, mainly, there are two that completely concern me
You might consider this good news
true fact, but not complete.
First prize is a trip to the Olympic games in Beijing.
I have to assume there was some sort of formal process involved in this decision.
How would it be like in real life?
I prefer variety and multiple views that would make a strong society.
Say that you finally understand the people.
others in no god at all.
It did not look like a prison, more like a detention camp.
Well, I better be off, as I am still being watched.
Critics argue it will rise land prices and force families to leave.
Now why did I do that??
It has been a time well spent.
I was probably looking for some piece of information and I came across GV.
It is lack of action on the part of THE HEADS.
But just to be clear, my life is more than just the online world.
However, the process required me to return to Venezuela.
I wanted to call and ask her
and the Liberal Party of Canada.
However, once things are at their worst, the situation has to improve.
She took a direct hit in her left eye.
We go to the forest.
Tell us something about this.
Take care of yourself, all of you over there.
The videos are simple yet educational.
What should people do in order to keep this from happening?
He also wrote an article to the same effect in the Asian Wall Street Journal.
For some significant new items see the pictures.
Some have to do with violation of human rights.
It has become good entertainment, excellent television.
According to him, explaining that religion and treatment are not in conflict can be challenging
It is obvious the son fled his parents on his own free will.
This is not yet clear.
Especially when the affected population is Indian?
The police also said we need to be at a closed area, not OPEN AREA.
What I love best is learning something new every day.
Some tweets were addressed to parents
When I finally could see him I realized he was alone, nobody at his side, nobody watching.
I hope that there is
A netizen commented on Weibo
Either you are with us or with them.
Another good idea would be to invite critics to an open discussion.
This time we will enter into a discussion about the struggle for gender equality in Latin America.
When we can stand in one line?
it can truly be a sick system.
At least one group threatened her.
If so, how did you find out?
Please tell us a little bit about yourself.
All because of factors other than the law.
only then we would be entitled for such positions.
His Facebook profile is regularly updated.
Cheap food, cheap fuel, education and health care for free.
They called for more different voices.
But the picture in front of the public is not real.
She spoke in Russian at the session.
However, that day at the airport was different.
Technology offers a unique opportunity to share knowledge, practices, and to train people.
The unknown writer of this blog believes
If we do not respect ourselves, who will respect us???
When the rain comes, the waste will get to our sea.
net videos are being actively used.
Majority of politicians have no opinions of their own because they CANNOT have them.
I am voting for Israel.
And that feeling goes both ways.
His murder is an attack on the freedom of press.
A Syrian source sent me this
There is no such official document.
Providing access to clean water is another challenge that requires attention.
Someone would call the police.
Try to shut me up.
What kind of impact or difference are you hoping to make with this app?
If you are not a victim, you can never know that pain.
The risk is losing the election.
Thousands of people were displaced from their homes.
She gave the money back.
Why do you think people are blogging?
The blogger suggests alternative ways to keep internet safe for young people.
Of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect.
And not because individual ministers are.
their families and villages are proud of them.
We carry on our work with companies in different ways.
They are all waiting when I call them to stay the night.
A sexual advance is not sexual assault.
And what do you think now?
Bloggers paid attention to this event.
I went behind there as well.
Residents attracted there with promises of land and work are now leaving.
That is starting to change.
We are one and we live in a global village so let support each other regardless of our Race
In a press release he says
How can we be Dubai?
For example the number of people that have just joined Twitter during the campaign season is massive.
Photo via Hong Kong Free Press.
One community is still somewhat in the dark when it comes to planning a trip to Japan, however.
Sri Lanka has the second largest tamil speaking population in the world.
In my opinion blogs can provide information with more freedom than the private radio or TV programs.
What does this mean for Russian society?
Security, and they want Security first.
The story has been picked up by local and national media and now becomes a national incident.
The article got the editor fired from his job.
I am an American and my husband is British.
We are going to reach them via satellite and strengthen the quality of our current services.
how can you protect yourself and your loved ones if you do not even know the danger you face?
He has a degree in English and African Cultural Studies Education from a Congolese University.
And at such times, some still talk of participating in elections.
I wish you would be not only a person who stands against me.
Some also took it to the extreme
Why all of the sudden do you join Facebook to collect votes?
Below is a video showing their action and the theme song
Religious discrimination is also a prominent issue for Saudi advocates.
By that I mean to promote use of the Internet for journalism in which case blogging too..
Everyone just wants to go and outrage on Twitter and TV channels and be done with it.
Jamaican diaspora blogger Living in Barbados sums it up
I ran around and found my camera on the ground.
What to do with its extra water?
And why are all those children dying, you may ask?
Western companies must stop providing technology for censorship and surveillance.
Her brother came beat up a student.
Photo by Mexican Olympic Committee.
He saw a movement on the back of his head
The state of my country concerns me.
We try to distance ourselves from this.
The question is whether elections will be held next month.
Stop talking empty stuff Kyrgyz president...
Well how do you like that
Even if countries are at the state of war.
They deliver a clear message
Cell phones are really the access points for information in Africa.
Some more reactions to the incident can be found here and here.
Searching for Africa at the New York Times  Global Voices Do people have fun in Africa?
There are a lot of things that need to happen now.
In total, four people were arrested.
There is no question about that.
whether it is a good move?
Tell us about your work for Global Voices Online.
They will also supply literature on application.
Everyone must find that for themselves.
Russia is represented by only one person at the World Cup
The red protest is no longer a protest.
Global Voices India Climate Solution blog presents a new idea
There is a conflict and there are victims.
We should be scared, too.
The boycott hashtag created a lot of anger in people, after which the following hashtag started trending in Pakistan
We share here some of the messages of strength and respect for the Venezuelan people
Because there are more good people in the world than bad people.
There are NO plans at all.
Photo via Committee to Protect Journalists.
And he is searching for enough volunteers to start adding content.
And follow the examples of Tim and Chris when you represent your industry.
According to a report by the Guardian Nigeria
I believe the issues areas relevant now as they were before I fled.
In addition to the land being small, it was of poor quality.
There are limits to freedom of expression.
The park and I had good communication.
In addition, they organized the Free Culture Congress.
The house is carried by a current.
How do politicians use social media in Ethiopia and Africa in general?
Many media personnel see blogging as an extra activity.
They also claim to survive entirely on donations from their followers.
Some of the green initiatives are already proposed before but not many are supporting them.
Internet users around the world have shared their reactions to the film, expressing their solidarity with the dead refugees.
There was no turning back.
It will be a few months until the final product for this issue is produced.
Although water quality is the focus of the conference, climate change is another hot topic here
She added that it was time for women to speak out
This lack of activities and opportunities for young people puts girls at risk
and neither, I think, do they.
What were the creative and technical challenges that you faced?
There is no doubt that the debate will continue.
For you there are no red lines.
Other initiatives, either private or public sector led, are being actively considered.
One of the basic problems that interested parties will find is the limited Internet access on the island.
But could this confidence be based on a lack of investigation or knowledge?
Image taken from the group This is how their journey began
Again we wanted to watch and talk about the world we live in.
We can say GV is fairly well known, both among citizens and netizens.
What happened with our Politics Blogging?
The program is explained here
Easily one the best things in Ghana to eat.
The sudden tension and activities by those groups draw many opinions from netizens.
You can read an interesting account of May events here.
Here are a few of the comments quoted from the various discussions
He then asked me what I did.
When that happens, she writes on Facebook, Russian police will be faced with a question
The End of a Dictatorship?
On day one, the blogger suggests
My heart was burning while watching it.
instead other world leaders will visit us for such.
Debate on this issue has become a hot topic between Iran and Afghanistan.
Imagine my frustration, and the frustration of my child.
That movement suffered a brutal crackdown at the hands of authorities
Any questions can be directed to the Twitter addresses given above.
This led the Public Affairs Committee to describe the year as the worst in governance.
expressed concerns about the human rights situation in Cambodia.
That is just so sad.
Since then she has only been able to have three brief phone conversations with him.
They belong to humanity, to the world and to art.
He criticizes the writer of the article for publishing such a false story.
International community SILENT about killings in YEMEN
How long have you started to blogging and why an English one?
He gives an interesting background to the song
How do you know you are indigenous?
So why do so many people here seem so angry?
It is also a famous tourist site.
Here is what he says
This one shows the police attacking people.
I told him he was wrong.
The most heated debates took place among those who commented on the official online news.
The bad guys are on the top.
Are those the only ones I want to talk about?
Did you chance to talk with some English speaking Iranian youth?
And it has occurred to me ...
He also tweets every live show.
A piece of open source code can be used in any system.
However, social networks including Facebook and Twitter are blocked inside Iran.
She reached and reached around the dress, but there was nothing there.
You can read it here.
If they go drinking, they end up having sex with someone one night stand.
A screenshot from the report Hate speech is a growing concern among many Pakistani online social media users.
Others echo this feeling of racism as can be seen here
The author allowed the use of the image.
They are participating in it.
I already prepared the ground.
and with greater fear comes greater repression...
I am sorry he was Syrian, from the same country as I.
Maybe these are initial steps to becoming a blogger one day.
Made me want to do good.
And why do they have different regions that I have never heard about?
This page is part of our special coverage Global Development.
This explains his complete silence on social media.
We do not want that.
Two minutes before the end of the game with Germany.
The answer is probably no.
Everyone including the football players?
For once we should condemn those who act like God in their ways and kill people.
To read it, feel it, understand it or not, is a matter of choice.
Sad to hear this news.
Fine, but what can I do.
Freedom House wrote at the time
He explained to Global Voices
I seriously just want to end it all.
only light can do that.
Therefore, one cannot protect everything that has a cost because not everything that has a cost has a value.
We pointed out that all GV articles are published under a Creative Commons license.
Information has been coming in from many sources.
A Blogger from Gaza reports
Is Ethiopia Fit to be a Member of the United Nations Human Rights Council?
Leading English Newspaper Turns Red?
Even We can figure that out now...
Do you have to give background information?
My husband tells me he got the same text when I left for Germany.
People pay attention to subjects they care about.
I will continue my writing.
Soldiers encouraged to vote, he writes
Two of our major goals when we started the project this past December
Everything is such an issue.
The new law is expected to be passed by parliament before the end of the year.
Responsible parties noted the names of those who might have forgotten to attend.
I have a different answer.
As one Twitter user observed
She attended a school for kids with special needs, met a boy there.
All could help the President make his decision.
There were also reports of fraud.
The only trouble was that he himself was tied up on the school job.
And they got to work.
He writes a short history of the country
I called back the day after the holiday and was able to speak with her.
I might have had a home in Egypt once but now all I have is hotel room.
Allow Africa learn their own form of democracy.
This was indeed my room number.
I wish I had seen this in real time.
Whatever the number, one thing is clear.
How can international organizations help improve the situation with the freedom of speech in Kazakhstan?
But had we known the full truth, was it necessary for us to reach the current state?
We have to understand other people.
But is that really how things are?
Let the police do their work.
What things do you want the constitution to help change?
So we also involved ourselves into some educational activity.
He would have liked that.
Last night I saw a city like no other.
The fact of the matter is that innocent people are getting killed on both sides.
He is surprised by something else
It came to a fight.
No place to escape from this.
Better said than that, impossible.
Just as we were with them over the past several years we will continue to stand by them.
These days, everyone argues about journalism in Russia.
it is after all one of our official languages.
There have been victims, and many injured...
Some of messages left on their page read
And look at the political parties today.
This is the second time this service is banned.
I will not let you.
We will not lose the second
As often is the case, it all comes back to the its historical context.
Citizen media users have reflected several of the turns the discussion has taken.
Alexander also wrote a lot about our country.
Global Voices The photograph that sparked a heated debate in Brazil.
Their only road is the one to hell.
Some people believe in God.
More committed sectors are required
Certainly, the entire Internet infrastructure has changed several times over during the period.
to include and guarantee citizenship
He explains that they are even forced to drink animals blood to survive.
But I find the argument not quiet right.
Today this list of journalists is in our hands.
She was missing for a few days and when she was found, the entire country just felt heavy.
I can only pray that they are all male...
After that she worked as a military doctor for six years.
In his concept there could be no one else present.
Supporters have built a campaign website on his behalf.
However, in order to not harm the families, and with media pressure, they were not announced as dead.
style has been the same for many years.
this was a total shock.
He blogged  They call it justice
She worked hard to raise them by herself thanks to her ongoing work.
And yet Obama says and does nothing.
Very few of his wealth do.
Many protesters arrived from outside the capital.
Data security is the next challenge for journalists as more of them start to mostly work online.
They were often accused of racism.
He was missing in the action.
Without financial assistance, the average Egyptian man cannot build or maintain a family.
None of the websites controlled by the companies added to the sanctions list had been blocked by Tuesday afternoon.
I see a strong and growing community.
Another thing you are very likely to find on any table during Ramadan would be red meat.
We should not stay silent in front of this crime
What part of the decision making was about the PEOPLE OF TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO.
Now that the presidential elections are over, we have two main questions
Except now look at them
finally gathered the courage to ask me
It has changed my life in many ways.
And certainly the past year has clearly shown that the media is interested in blogs.
In my experience, you first have to commit to the idea of going back.
In reality, is more a collective desire than an individual one.
Dress for a better world
Read more about this at RuNet Echo here.
A netizen describes it as victory for justice and others share their opinions.
he was able to grant me this interview which answers all my questions about their game release.
Could elections happen without fraud?
Coverage of the first and second day of protests is also available on Global Voices Online.
After I sat down, she ran after me and said
Am not arrested or anything.
Television no longer mentions his name.
All three are now with criminal record.
I fully agree with your second statement.
Wait, personally I think with that such huge amount of money we could use it for better things.
Also, it is important to start early
Almost no newspaper showed how great, it appeared to us, the solidarity among Iraqis was yesterday.
Twitter saw high levels of activity surrounding the debate.
The Saudi man is also being threatened with jail.
Several Palestinians have been killed.
They have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed.
It was one of those days.
In that article, I said
Ecuadorian bloggers are aware of this social phenomenon in their country.
For exactly one week, she was able to continue in this manner.
A Palestinian man tells me as I interview him
for many women, abortion is still the primary method of birth control.
So have to through it through war.
The blog reports that she was released after half an hour.
Thank you to all of you, people, for responses and offers of help.
so I will update you on the events that I witness.
It was a time of year that should have been perfect.
We did not know about this before why ??
READ THE COMPLETE POST HERE
Come people, let us get serious
he had to find some way to close this impossible conversation.
The cover became so popular that it even earned its own Facebook page.
and it is a holiday which you cannot ignore nor want to ignore it.
So Paulo residents were angry about the water crisis.
Such a powerful speech on prison conditions in Venezuela.
I have a great idea.
The hope is that this will bring attention to other heritage sites being threatened.
They are taking home everything.
They turn their heads the other way when loved ones die.
Sexual violence against women can happen at a young age and come from family members.
For me it is a technical proof of my ideas.
Every country has rights to defend their religion.
And this discussion will continue, everyday, to keep you alive.
In spite of the agreement, the name change remains a core issue.
What were some of the lessons learned during that period?
But there are people who are doing something about it.
The state government has declared a public holiday for two days.
It is about the people having authority to speak on what their interest is.
This perception is so widespread that it has been said by three very different people recently
We are going until the end.
Migrants and refugees were caught and brought out of the train.
Freedom of expression The news caused massive reactions in France.
If you had only one child, like Russians, you would not even think about Russia.
There is no freedom of the alternative media.
Palestinian Arabs are not indigenous to Palestine.
Perhaps, events in some form or another like he said might have happened.
The freedom of Digital Bangladesh.
You can read the first post here and the second post here.
But, despite all those challenges, there is a positive story to tell from my trip
I have many friends who have two or more mobile phones..
My plan is to meet him and together we go to the said problem area.
Brazil has the capacity to generate clean and fair energy for the Brazilian people.
those who have being there seem to like it.
Green Movement leaders have called for demonstrations on this day.
Nor is it a political blog.
What explains the choice of languages
Global Voices A video on the human rights condition in China with hot debate in the comment section.
Both women served as military doctors during the war.
But this will not be obvious.
She has been living in Egypt for the past two years ago.
Maybe some people from Catholic church will miss them.
And this is why this Fund is raising money the way it can.
Is football worth all the tragedy that seems to follow it?
How much did the Olympics cost?
There is no one you can put in jail to make our problems go away.
We had been on friendly terms since I spoke to her for a couple of pieces in recent months.
Every decision was made quickly on sound grounds.
Every year this happens during this part of year.
SMS bomb threats are spreading.
How do you feel about the United States?
People are in the streets and walking to open areas.
It cannot be so difficult
Knowledge is key in anything.
The story will be published in a series of three articles on Global Voices Online.
There was no one but us in the park.
The state controlled media is silent.
But many continue to come, or at least try.
Prepared a place to put as many people as possible.
Yesterday I learned that you have managed to gain temporary asylum in Russia.
Immediately remove the following from all websites
which will make it very hard for the Minister to find her.
why did you start writing a blog?
Now everything is fine there.
Another comment from the blog had an idea for the future of Fiji Water.
Censorship video  Global Voices Ukraine
We will start a massacre
Start by being a serious state.
So, is this all there is to it?
Putting it in another way
Some say that is because of over population in the existing prison buildings.
Do you know how does it feel to be censored?
In the case of Internet censorship, it appears to be a case of the citizens demanding more of.
So, what happens after the decision?
I am an academic from South Sudan.
This author even prepared a model answer for her.
One student explains why they are protesting
Yet some men are still going about their jobs.
What are the views of Indonesian bloggers and residents on the Wall Street crash?
Right now, these tools are most useful for communication, and not for learning.
This is a rare occasion.
Police claim he died in a car crash.
He has been on hunger strike since last Monday.
Most of us truly do not realize how lucky we are.
The new government faced some challenges early on.
Graphic can be seen here.
worth more, that is, than what you can read in good books.
Your words are made of gold
They want to bring back the genocide of the indigenous people.
Perhaps it is because I am getting married and leaving this place.
Why Do We Have To Pay Attention To China?
Some of his opening remarks were
Also, we respond to messages with other text messages.
What are the elements of a successful photo?
You can check the blog here.
Take the most appropriate for a given situation, and the next project might be something else entirely.
We all know what happened to it.
Who will eat it up?
It seems to me that freedom of expression is still a big challenge.
The movie was released in South Korea last month.
It is mainly played in the northern and central parts of the country.
The police put the other two boys to lie on the ground.
His salary had reached the ten thousand mark.
Jamaica Environment Trust shared on Facebook
Many people have criticized the implementation of experience in the field of television.
I learned a new term a few days ago
We must do everything, but we can do nothing...
And we keep silent and once again get disappointed in our leaders.
I met all my old and new friends.
Is Serbia urban and modern like Belgrade, or rural and traditional like the rest of our country?
Take the South Africans for example.
If they cannot provide the security, then what is the purpose of the government?
In one of her tweets she stated
I can do it and by this message, I am doing it.
You must have a way to receive an SMS message to confirm your account.
Protesters have turned the wall into a forum for posting critical comments about the government.
Leaving her there we went home.
They would all know about it, but keep quiet.
media, citizens, and activists in Bolivia all use their own hashtags for these elections.
If it will take a shift ...
And later thousands watched it on Youtube.
He was later released and is seeking medical treatment abroad.
At the end, he will be left standing alone.
Not a thing to be done.
Since the evening last Tuesday, lots of food memories about my time there have come back.
So, we have decided to speak for ourselves.
Try to feel standing in a long line to buy some milk for your little brother to feed.
How you choose which cities to do?
Does he have a blog yet?
Notes from Abroad is also not surprised by the verdict.
Many citizens already understand this, many will understand later.
in effect, you are it.
Others say it is the victory of blogging.
We are a beautiful country but every day we are more sad, more angry and less safe.
In Singapore before you can protest, you have to tell the government you are going to protest.
The Zambian covers the latest news from Zambia.
In the morning, I have to attend a conference on the role of civil society.
My vote belongs to me, not to the political parties.
Hope Man and I talk every day.
It spread to other parts of the country.
This leads us to another form of connection
Why not take Global Voices to the next level?
We are proud of them
And who is supporting them?
And that is an important point.
But it is not just the educated.
The Bolivian government, the United Nations, and various press organizations have condemned the attack.
In this edition of the Global Voices Podcast we discuss languages that are hard to find on the internet.
Of course he would say something negative, he has been arguing against Iraq all along.
Maybe you should say a bit about it, since not everyone has read it yet...
That is a typical reality in many rural African families let alone in Malawi.
It gives me lots of material for my blog.
When will the photos be ready?
For that, there are better solutions.
A regional cooperation on nuclear safety issue was recently initiated by these countries with China, South Korea, and Japan.
But talking with her, I still feel sad.
He explained the meaning of this work of art
I have a dream of providing Internet access to every Nigerian citizen.
Either way we will continue, even under a different association or civil group, we will serve our nation.
One Twitter user offered a message full of hope
When did you start reporting these and other issues on Global Voices Online?
As I write this, President Obama is now Our President.
In this particular article, he asks the readers to
I am, you are, we are Australian.
Both Thailand and Cambodia are claiming the historic site.
In fact, nobody knows where they will be built.
After one year in such conditions I will ask him the following questions
One of the men protests that he has been sitting there for ten hours...
I was in practice and went outside to find a friend.
It should not be difficult for him.
The report is in Chinese, but there are a number of photos in the post.
When we can buy them in lots, the cost will be lower.
We need to strengthen our organization.
The campaign has not officially begun yet, and all the responses were to the mere declaration of such campaign.
This death would be better than keeping silent with our heads down.
And if the situation here, why is it that many people die of AIDS back home?
These people want to live
Get your act together Trinidad
The President hopes to answer a variety of questions and comments by topic and region.
How did you start participating in the demonstrations?
We call attention to the site on Global Voices.
There are several possible sources.
I think the incident could have been prevented by a more organised police response.
What else we can eat?
But the fundamental question remained
But when I get old, I will for sure go to live in Japan.
It is the second public event since the murder of one of the fans this week.
Elections and power  Global Voices United We Blog
And the discussions initiated by her in the state assembly are still relevant.
She ordered her coffee in English.
What are some ways in which you are trying to approach this problem?
The only question then would be that of an effective system of media communication for his campaign.
she is an African woman.
We believe in freedom, justice and love.
I walked over to him.
There are honest police officers after all.
In my view, the concern of the governor is mainly on international image.
The opposition holds an absolute majority.
Bring our health data alive  Global Voices Bring our health data in Nigeria alive
People also reacted on social media.
We must stop using them
However, these users are not going online to change society.
and found him easy enough to talk to.
Chinese web users are doing their best to get around the block.
I have always been surrounded by people who leave.
Will YouTube now block any future content that is deemed illegal in Thailand?
Will it do more harm than good?
Something happened in the last few days that can be considered as a turning point.
For one cup of coffee.
Below is a selection of some typical Weibo comments on the issue
Politicians notice when there is a protest.
At the same time, the tool had a relatively limited success.
We invite you to say
Why was he found guilty?
Now, the situation is even worse.
On that day, our struggle began.
He knew now what he was up against.
My kids I will have..
And there is nothing more that I can say.
The full interview is here.
They cry out for our support.
I never knew that my heart could be that strong.
he has demonstrated that anything is possible with the right strategy, message and execution.
We must consider two things.
Then again, I could be wrong.
Election Lists  Global Voices Foreign Notes writes about a difficult process
Our mission was to say that love should be all year round.
This was the first step towards my new life, even though still on the streets.
Let us know in the comments.
The value of it is not in its content, but in the collective action of making a public call.
The people of zambia have spoken.
No children before marriage The regulation reads
Thanks media, good job really.
By putting the blame on some minister or another the regime can also get rid of him.
Those small details, however, are about the only facts that all sides agree on.
As we understood it, for something in her church.
More information can be found at their website.
Now I want to share my view on this matter.
The post is available in English, Spanish, German, French, Arabic, Russian, Portuguese, Italian and Dutch.
It was taken by cell phone.
I cannot stand for the killing of a progressive blogger.
It seems what the Americans have done was not enough.
Among some of the Tweets on the issue are the following
I was thinking that he was with her.
In Brazil, this would then go on public record.
Do not use this as an opportunity to attack the Red Cross.
To change the law like the people are asking.
Another top issue is riots in universities in Tehran.
Quite the opposite has happened to me with US politics.
There were several deaths last year.
Miss and love you so much.
The role of the media in Pakistan is often questioned in the debate over gay rights.
This Twitter user shares this cartoon to drive home his point
I can only say sorry.
Our posts resulted in lots of supporting protest posts from other LJ users.
I am the same person.
The content is not the same, however
Overseas Chinese Students Bring Changes to China?
As a possible course of action, it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions.
Image from Russian online community against rape.
He wrote in his LJ blog
Now all of them are released.
The questions are very specific...
As you can see, these kinds of safety concerns can go both ways.
The world needs Brazil to be an international leader on the environment.
Who are you and why did you come here?
This is a bit more complex.
Entertainment and cultural activities are the order of the day, when peace and diversity meet in one place.
Without a fight, they get displaced.
At any rate, there is a problem somewhere..
I think the Global Voices could be better in this way.
I will leave you with good news and until next week
Personally, I have never been a fan of President Bush.
Today I said to a friend
The heart wants justice, and would got give up.
According to the law enforcement officials, the criminal is very dangerous.
When we look at the traditional elements in the continent, they are actually more contemporary than the contemporary.
But why should we join a military alliance?
Some of the fake posters are written in German, Portuguese, French and Italian.
Not one photograph, not one video, and so on.
Where does this list end?
Such a shame that it was only his death that brought it about.
She said, to the same media source
I blame it on Ramadan.
The hashtag forced the situation to be discussed in Saudi media, TV and newspapers.
How do companies make these decisions?
Pop artists and men of culture have done their bit to increase tension.
I do not know why?
Do both parties should end military activities?
These are the questions to which we do not have an answer.
I think these people hardly imagine what life was like in those conditions.
The China milk scandal was a big issue in the region too.
There was barely space to sleep.
I have no water or electricity, at home, and no way of hearing the news.
In these elections we need to prevent any kind of violence.
The message to President Jonathan and his government is simple
Read the first part here and the second part here.
These are things of the days gone by.
He has been held ever since.
There are, however, other sources that will work as a start for now.
Democracy is expressing your voice and being in constant activity and struggle for your rights and values
Do I look angry to you?
The show discusses daily local affairs.
He advice is not to pass any of that to our children.
Where and when did it happen?
There is a difference between a politics of change and a change of politics.
He certainly would have informed the police officers if he had been kidnapped.
We want a normal human life.
Africa is the voices in my head.
And then there were other things.
Now, on to what I think about the events.
Check back next week for more.
Twitter is one of the tools that the government can use.
In the best case, it will remain as it is.
To understand better Its not just good governance But POVERTY as well.
Western military involved in organised crime?
But the majority of the people wanted a bridge.
This is exactly where the new part of my story begins.
He just lived in a bad neighborhood.
He is one of many.
I just watched the video.
We can say the revolution is good news and it should be happening, for better or worse.
Earlier, an official State Department blog post promised a review process
I do not remember how long the police were there.
a desperate act that is difficult to understand.
Hope the following year will be great for everyone.
There were a few reasons for that, too
The ruling party performance these past eight years has been poor and its popularity is low.
There is an excellent collection of them here for those that are interested...
The march was not covered by public media
As a journalist myself, I found what the reporter did was extremely wrong.
Ahmadinejad, the only option to change?
On the plus side, I had so much fun and made even more friends.
Well, we were there for a very long time.
And if so, how do you manage to be so brave online?
The following day, she reported
Power is found in words.
Freedom of speech not crime but democratic right.
Only after that do ethnic and tribal factors come into play.
The age groups with the most number of cases were
He suggests the only way out is general education . China
You loved your country Zambia.
This should be definitely banned.
This guide is made for people who could be arrested for speaking their mind.
I encourage our national team.
After all, you are not really American.
To find out what that tour involved, see here.
They are not usually welcomed there.
The best piece of art at Tahrir today
Therefore, the novel should not be considered a historical reference, but an image of the regime.
One tweet had no doubt
Questions were also being asked on Twitter
There are six other candidates for President.
Though this way he is prepared, at least.
There is, however, something missing from this presentation of the Russian view of events
that he held up for all to see.
wrote one young journalist from Azerbaijan on his Facebook page.
Friends of Freedom for Peace  Global Voices Ghana
On Twitter, users continued to tweet and post photographs on the protests as they became available.
By putting the following up on their website
No late applications will be accepted.
We are demanding our legitimate right.
Tell me a little about who you are, where you live and what you do?
He also describes how people from this region celebrate the religious holiday.
The challenge, then, was to break the news to his father.
He reminds us, however, that the same national flag could mean both ways, good or bad
However, there is no victim at all.
Must have been because of the police standing in their way.
And who will replace them in Belarus?
Army and the Women  Global Voices The army appears to suggest that women are not necessary or invited.
He then tweeted again from his personal handle which was captured.
Screenshot from a fake Cyber Police Channel on Telegram.
On Twitter, the topic became popular as well.
And why are news writers in Africa not in good books the government?
No wonder many development activities are being carried out by the government and the NGOs.
Do you still believe that?
So no need to be concerned.
What is your vision for the future?
The message at the end of the video reads
Image of Chinese leaders mixed with an image of the Panama papers.
Even the national government was not initially aware of the extent of destruction.
Playing into the ISIS Plan
And I am far from alone.
To give birth or not.
In the end, I got home safe in one piece and thanks God
Surprised because few companies have taken digital seriously to prevent such a thing happening.
African Twitter users are at it again, making fun of the continent, its countries and their leaders.
Change for good or for worse?
The remaining protesters were very angry.
Members of NGOs held a press conference discussing to talk about problems with the Assembly Law.
Youth Olympic Games  Global Voices The first Youth Olympic Games will take place in Singapore on August.
Nobody knows the reason for this.
Then, she adds, almost in passing
The driver was shot to death.
It is not that such questions are not asked.
what is the difference between men and women?
The key message of the report is
Coming as it did during election season, the expose should help voters choose better leaders.
The campaign slogan will be
We were refugees taking in refugees.
However, a bigger debate started on Twitter later on.
Choice was expected The selection had been expected.
The freedom of press was much questioned in Bangladesh.
Please join this page in numbers.
no matter how much you keep me in the dark.
I found it to be important to know what women in other cities are thinking.
It will be the same as so many others.
It took time to trust each other.
It has been seven hundred years.
As it must be approved by each EU member state, the deal has a long way to go.
Read more and see photos in this post.
In this very case it is less important that we win over Russia.
Public domain photo via Wikipedia.
Did the girl want to have sex with him?
And to continue encouraging those of us in the region, their website is now available here
Three years later, the country is still in unrest situation.
The petition has received thousands of signatures from around the world.
Most of these people in the protest do not know the real situation in the field.
Here are a few examples
Funding is needed for that, and I am constantly seeking funds.
Her father kidnapped her mother and threatened to kill her as punishment.
For me, personally, Cuba is an important issue in the upcoming US presidential elections.
and he was talking dirty.
Another Web user criticized the lack of academic freedom in Chinese universities
But the people fled their communities for a reason.
What we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation.
Located at the center of Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh.
she is still scared that something terrible might happen if she steps out of her front door.
This has created new business activities and a lot of new jobs.
Has not supported extremist and terrorist movements.
A little later in the day came the negative posts
Of course I am against independence.
The films are available online, for free.
He was even ahead in recent polls.
Can Shanghai be a new international financial center?
They are the most beautiful part of that little piece of nature.
Do you like the sound of it?
What do you use your blog for the most?
Just leave the whole site.
I want to contribute in any way that I can.
And who are you and why did you come to my city?
With courage, everyone can do it.
This would have been quite difficult before.
I pray we might find and build the government we deserve.
Applications for this position are now closed.
Mubarak is alive and dead.
Iranian State closed the door to her she opened a window to communicate.
He told Hong Kong Free Press
A while later, he updated
Will this be another opportunity to celebrate diversity in a changing French society?
This has led to a strong relationship between them.
However, no other cause has yet been determined.
Whether these people are willing to accept it or not, this is common sense
These kinds of views have drawn a lot of criticism in the media and in the blogosphere.
In an official report, Lee said
The opposition meeting turned to an open conflict.
This legal act is not supposed to talk about violation of privacy.
Many of passengers were journalists and reporters.
they were guilty for being Egyptians.
He gave me a straight, honest answer.
In short, passing a referendum is more difficult than winning a presidential election in Taiwan.
The people in charge of the initiative should be able to run the organization through their own means.
But no one is giving any serious thought on the issue of the safety of street girls.
Or will lose his job, at least.
But was the revolution made by the people?
We are tired of paper rights.
Word of the apparent problems also spread on Facebook, with some reporting that it only affected some secondary providers.
Full text of video available when watched directly on YouTube.
Last but not least, what do you want your readers to understand after they read your blog?
REPORT IT. to end Violence Against Women and Girls.
Blame Israel and United States.
in the past four months something changed.
Everyone is blocking any progress.
What does migration have to do with it??????
Al Jazeera says Ben Ali is going to a Gulf country
Would Hamas come out stronger?
I did not expect it from him, I am really disappointed..
Whether in international water or out, Palestinians have the rights to enter their country.
Thai ad agencies are the worst of them all
A group of young activists is seeking to change this situation.
There are also citizens who believe the offer of political asylum is a sign of good will.
This is why she has chosen to be like everyone else.
Burmese netizens have been wonderful
Later, we fund out that it was true.
Many Taiwanese netizens have shared photos of the art, and below is a selection.
I was shocked to find out that the channel was so long.
When youth engage with politics they only look at statements from the President or Prime Minister.
And she is not alone
It is not necessary to save corrupt parties.
Here are two takes on the subject
Trouble is not limited to the south of the country.
Why did I come to this kind of event?
You are the one who can stop this disaster from the land.
are at the highest level in history.
Only if I were old would I have the right to step away.
we decided to create our own radio station.
It is a goal with no end.
And the was killed the following day.
Reaction was quick to appear online.
The controversy is not in the picture, rather in the text.
Breaking News published these two posts...
The people of Southern Sudan should now focus on internal challenges
The news has triggered anger and complaints among many netizens.
They have even threatened to take away his right to write letters.
Many of these users wanted to show a more positive side of their country.
A year of work with these farmers.
Let us have a look at the recent posts of Pakistani blogosphere on this issue.
The questions were the following
A few minutes later, two more officers join him.
He may have started as an individual but now it has become a medium where everybody is a reporter.
riot police gathering now near the square next to the round about.
And he is a government teacher.
She is the LAST thing Islam needs right now.
The race has begun, but I wonder who will pull out on in the lead.
To them this was a big catch.
Sure, it can be really tough sometimes, especially when there are videos or stories about children getting hurt.
More schools have suspended their classes to protect the health and safety of their students.
It always makes me look at myself.
This letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful.
This, in my opinion is not true.
How Are Boys and Girls Supposed to Sit, Walk, and Dance?
He also visits YouTube to watch funny videos.
The child is supposed to get it.
And it is a very good movie.
And she explained her situation, and I told her about my land.
You should not be worried.
The third need is for better theory.
And Argentina is not outside this trend.
The SMS no. set up does not work.
The photo above is from the Facebook page.
All seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation.
The photos he takes are not without political impact.
Or so it was generally agreed.
The last series of attacks on LiveJournal blogging platform has proved this once again.
But such an illegal system continues to survive and grow.
What will happen to the baby?
Can you tell us about your journey?
So all the neighborhood kids would keep referring to me as a boy.
The ISIS joke however was widely discussed on social media and many netizens felt the sentence was too heavy.
It will contribute to development.
Participation is very critical to real development.
But we do want to highlight more positive developments.
That is why only two passengers were motivated enough to go online and assume the role of citizen reporters.
Before he became an MP, we wanted to buy a car from them.
He should not have submitted.
Their article included this graphic
On the Mexican side of the wall, the park is open.
Changing Trends  Global Voices What will really change India?
Soon, I let down and changed my mind to have a website.
This is not the first time he is being sending innocent people to their deaths for no good reason.
For that feeling, there was a story behind.
There are a lot of examples I can mention.
The request from Still Life With...
Come over to our side.
After a while, the crowd moved back towards the square.
When you look at the state of the war in Syria, what do you see?
However, the mayor has yet to provide any details about the start or the financial cost of the project.
And why are they saying these things?
Three men have been chosen to replace them and are expected to make the journey soon.
So does this mean destruction is no longer on the cards?
The very same outrage was caused by the development of legislative elections held together with the presidential elections.
I was scared I guess.
Even there he did not last for long.
He urged to the Prime Minister of Bangladesh  China
Various initiatives appeared online to combat the fake news machine.
I spoke to her about her blog, book and real and virtual life in Iran.
There is nothing made by human which is perfect.
I can do the same, as a researcher too.
we had lots of politicians..
Who will he invite to join, and what kind of a deal will they make?
Some citizens have welcomed the crackdown.
Of course, it all depends on how you measure success.
Neither does he know who has them.
Leaving With the Hope of One Day Returning
It ended the life of those who have no life.
Below are some immediate reactions from Sina Weibo.
We do not know how many people died.
It will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could.
It includes links to news stories, photographs, videos and Twitter reactions.
A reporter with The Beijing News met five of the wounded in a hospital.
So, for me, this is what you might call a hard case.
ATTACK ON LIBYA And they are just some of the progressive bloggers.
This is the first time I hear about it...
Guess they know more than even she does
I have been training and learning for seven years.
Or would you just throw it?
It serves as a very bad role model
So when something comes to your mind, you blog about it.
Terrorism in Jordan is a very real issue.
What will they do when they return home?
I think this is great, now he must prove actually exists.
No, not me but that lady who reached out that night to say thank you.
There are updates from news in Turkey as well as on the relations between the two countries.
Part One  Global Voices Photo
For him, it was about being honest.
They explained their decision as such
Do you know what friends are doing, those who are left there?
Especially if he or she is innocent.
There is little now to show that this is Syria.
The link to the book can be found here.
You will sleep when you get old.
Soon enough, the issue spread worldwide on Twitter.
The Tunisian government clearly does not agree.
More and more people heard your voices.
All of us like to express ourselves, but this is only the first step.
That was the news report, now hear what really happen.
They closed down social media.
on women gathering at the Red Mosque in Pakistan.
How to fund public works with a trust?
That has led us to becoming good friends.
It seeks to celebrate the rule of law and due process in sports governance
Please make it a safe night.
Several bloggers covered this event, and other related stories of difficult conditions of labor activists.
I love it that way
Rather, this is what I am certain will happen from now on in Brazil.
They promised to the parents to keep their daughter under surveillance.
Not too much time, considering that travel in the Far East is extremely complicated.
He showed me a guy from our room and said
Do I look as if I am trying to save Africa?
here are a few of them, translated from Russian
Educated children and values are crucial to achieve peace.
Latin America A couple of Latin American bloggers provided initial reactions to the news.
There is no such pressure with blogging.
The people are the ones who pay internet service, not the government.
Waiting in line there are primarily heavy transport vehicles
They rally their issues around abortion and land.
For the first time this image traveled through the streets of the city for five days.
Then there is the federal Labor brand.
Who Serves Whom in the Peruvian Electoral Campaign?
In that broadcast, Africans were reduced to the role of silent victims.
But I am still alive.
What are your favorite photos from the project?
The news soon went viral on Chinese social media.
What Story can the Number of Votes Tell?
But I do wonder how much Twitter has really been used to generate the protests.
Now I see that the Algerian government and its ambassador participated in the massacre.
I wish I can continue blogging.
Such photos are being used by both sides to advance their propaganda.
It was always about them.
Ethnic Voice is primarily written in Nepali with some English, too.
Who Do We Believe Online?
That would put me in direct conflict with her.
Range was a vital detail.
Watched footage of Saudi Man beating worker.
Charles Long posts this video of the march.
How did he get them on board?
Government assistance arrived but it came too late and proved too little.
One important point of interest
It is necessary to clean the corrupt system from the top and I will do it.
Photo from the Ministry of the Interior website.
I asked some of them of how they felt.
English, Arabic, Spanish, Chinese, French and Russian.
We want this law to work.
Once again, the United States must choose.
Some decided to avoid posting about the problems but many had the courage to blog on Malawi.
They are next to us.
Every apartment will have to have its own dedicated line and you can imagine what that will mean...
It is not against the Beijing Olympics.
Serbia and Macedonia at War?
I have been blogging for almost three years.
We are part of the earth, the fight is for life.
the information sources are all online.
shared widely on Facebook and Twitter.
But one thing the conflicts do have in common
Our final post is about water art.
It now refers to the day on which Barack Obama chose to speak in Cairo.
The day the Lebanese arrive in Lebanon the trouble will end.
I will say my words This is my right.
She never received her US citizenship.
I mean it could be the same department.
His legacy will last and his music will stay.
Those did not deserve better?
What do bloggers think of the company and its products?
His term has been heavily marked by the violent consequences of the armed conflict.
What is sad is that many of the smaller islands do feel it more.
Why are Kenyans turning on each other.
services get more expensive, but do not improve.
Among the seven students who are charged, six of them joined the website two years ago.
Most of the women are thought to have been murdered.
This is the view from one Moroccan source.
What kind of message would it give out?
In reality I feel that the middle class is more vulnerable to HIV then others.
I mean, the West has made its plans for our youth like this.
I am not sure how many Taiwanese would share their views.
If not, what is the reason?
I do not know what these terrorists are thinking when they kill innocent people in the name of Islam.
Both times, the room was full.
His situation remains the same
These remain few of the many questions in the mind of the most as the battle continues.
How wrong could anyone had been.
The summary of the Zambia News Daily on the Google Play website reads
And at the start it even seemed that there was a future.
After all, they are responsible for the destruction of a country and an entire community.
amazing, and it all started with a youtube video.
Will we ever wake up?
I had a chance to attend schools in four different countries
How long have you been on Facebook and what do you primarily use the social networking site for?
For people in a country at war, expressing the wrong opinion can be dangerous.
Five states were put under their control.
He was sent to the National Taiwan University Hospital.
Have a great day, everyone.
But one who killed herself and others.
This is actually one single question
They broke into my house.
How about just being human for a while, accept and appreciate people for what they are?
His passing is a moment for all of us to reflect on our own lives.
What exactly have the writers been charged with?
Whose children study and in many cases live abroad?
Much of what is being said and written in Lebanon is more likely to be rumors than not.
Take Back Bangladesh is an effort initiated by some of the bloggers.
To Nigerians thinking of moving back
Then they came for me.
When did men rule our bodies?
Recent activity on this blog has been focused on the activities of the various members.
Why did you choose this option?
I hope to find more female friends and fans.
I wish to present an original opinion.
Blogging Beauty still finds something positive from the event
however, one needs to know how these lines are made in order to understand the damage.
You want to protest outside government agencies.
Child Labour  Global Voices Living in Barbados blogs about the reality of child labour in developing countries.
Some drivers are lucky and leave their car before its too late.
Do we still have human rights?
The last edition of Cambodia Daily.
Gang rape of women prisoners.
And how do girls do the same?
We believe that the activists have been arrested, but this fact has not yet been confirmed.
what do they bring in terms of actual politics?
Then in front of the Parliament.
It is a detail that makes some difference and should not be ignored when justice is to be done...
How else can you explain what I do?
Why did you leave Russia?
therefore, racism in Spain is not an important issue.
We have no clean water left.
I work as much as I need.
Shortly after, he would be arrested for crimes against the government.
A show trial with no purpose.
He had been pretty scared himself, wondering what the hell was coming off.
This is what is happening on the border.
It is laid down in two parts
Those in need get nothing.
Twitter was suddenly flooded with reactions like this
So do they deserve to live?
He thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go.
Visit the page for the list of films.
I had a really good time in class.
In this third part of the summary for our Blog Carnival
in context of Indian blogs.
A different culture We married in a civil ceremony abroad, before traveling back to Qatar.
We have to be part of the European Union.
This is a sad day for Pakistan.
I have so many hopes and plans for that day, wonder when will it come ..
A road accident does not cause a revolution  Global Voices Can a road accident cause a revolution?
So You Need to Get Around Madagascar?
And we will not allow her to be destroyed or covered with blood.
This tweet reflected the tension
he was not wanted dead or alive.
The politicians say they will get their act together within days.
And the people are used to war, ready for it.
The situation in the world in general and in Pakistan in particular is getting worse everyday.
Since it came to power it has been at war with its citizens.
I will break your camera now and your face too
It is growing every day.
well, that would have been based on whatever decision we both thought best.
What the hell was he up to now??
Justice needs to be seen to be done.
Overall we think that we were successful in doing that and that we got the message across.
But what can we do?
It serves as a starting point of a conversation about freedom and democracy.
it was what she had been thinking herself.
There are different levels going on here.
May this end well He also adds
But I need to remind the house this is only a draft.
She blogs at Active Voice.
But is it willing to pay?
You can also learn more by visiting its Facebook fan page.
I was soon on the steps at the open window, facing him.
You can listen to the resulting presentation here
What was its role in the making voters choose a candidate?
I did not have and I have to leave country.
These words exist in every language
Since the father spoke out there are a few things I have been wondering.
No matter how happy, how sad.
How low can those in power go?
I just never got around to doing anything with it.
Canada gave me my first citizenship, and my first passport.
The situation is much the same with big data
in fact, the Gay Parade is a big carnival...
The situation with middle class is far more complicated.
The police detained the six as part of their investigation.
To all those mother we say
People in the south need to know about these abuses by the Chinese and the government.
Migrant workers also include the Chinese, Vietnamese, and people from all over the Caucasus.
You can see the online version of the magazine here.
She has her own agenda and strategy.
He and his government was the subject of controversy from the very beginning.
So far there has been little reaction in the Mexican blogosphere.
Its implementation will be the real challenge for Yemen.
Kyrgyz language is part of Google translate
volunteers in . There are many of them.
See also a detailed post at Asia Death Penalty.
But I was shocked when I heard what happened that Monday.
His posts are some of the most challenging blog posts to come out of Africa.
I have stuff to take care of.
We do not want any more imprisoned or dead women.
Five years ago I did not believe in abortion or the death penalty.
And now he was seeing her.
Here is the French version.
The new appointment was not a popular one.
The news was shared and commented on throughout various social media channels by Greek netizens.
We are used to that.
Even at that day, many tourists will be around.
Nigeria has joined nations under terrorist threats.
Can journalism be taught in these circumstances?
The video ends with the following appeal
Almost daily Effects on daily life
One thing I am know is that you can never please everybody in the newspaper game, never ever.
But this blogger things that the law does not address the main problem
Below is the map showing the Green Walk Route.
Another lawyer and writer wrote on Weibo
Of course, that no longer matters.
whose posters are they carrying?
Everyone, including governments benefit from free software and such actions hurt us all as a community.
That letter appears below, translated fully into English.
It is the cry of pain of a mother who gives birth to men.
This is why people watch us.
Is Taiwanese democracy changing Chinese students?
I know very little about civil war, even if at times I think I do.
Class struggle moves forward here as well...
The amount of people who went was just truly amazing.
View of My World says
And this reality is different with each media.
The main thing is not to become too cold.
Technical research has also supported these reports.
To speak up has its price, but that price makes you free.
Pictures of their suffering went around the world.
Yet, others insisted that it was not an occupation
Media and Politics  Global Voices Lanka Rising on the connections between media and politics.
They explain it in the blog in the following way
I felt that they needed to pray as well, in their way.
This is our shared victory.
The New Era Journal reported
The only challenge is on the full explanation of what false information means.
As expected the ruling party dominated the elections.
no mention of the incident.
My new family did not leave me disappointed.
but obviously some people seem to think it is.
On Facebook, a female user says
To know more, read on.
Dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world.
And here is one of the comments to this post
A special community was created in Livejournal that includes many reports about the event.
Then one morning, out of the blue, she started telling me stories.
He adds US gets her information from Iranian who got educated in US and working in American governmental institutions.
Though I wonder what kind of an audience she has.
But time was not on her side.
The children just entering day care.
Here are some reasons why we stay
How do you picture yourself in the future?
There is no debate about why we call them terrorists.
It is not really important what you blog about.
He hopes to make a new life.
Here is a very clear argument of what Bolivia stands to gain and what it could lose.
She is simply a normal young woman.
And who got the money?
Men and Homosexuality  Global Voices Death Ends Fun on men having to hide their homosexuality.
People who have been put through the justice system have no idea what other citizens experienced in similar cases.
The Eurovision baby has arrived
Where will the next bomb strike in Lebanon?
I came to the United States to start my own family, among other things.
All of the photos were originally posted on his Facebook account Puerto Rico
We keep getting the same ones back again and again.
I thought the US might come up with a new way to name call, look at yourself .....
This incident was echoed by Lebanese bloggers who reported it, posted photos, videos and analysis
Image shared on social networks.
Venezuela, you will always be in my heart.
We went with them to see what was happening.
City Stay is much less expensive than a traditional study abroad program.
they took the streets to protest and claim constitutional recognition.
He can certainly talk the talk...
Pakistani blogger Hardly Innovative writes
Of the six key points in it are the following
The New Education Law in Bolivia
It took me about an hour.
From the moment we arrived, we felt that we were in a special place, and among special people.
They soon launched a campaign against the bloggers demanding their arrest.
Sometimes women are arrested by force because of what they are wearing.
So is the time of the novel.
one million are child workers, some who started working as early as seven.
The industry overall has a lot to learn.
His tour has also attracted attention from Chinese netizens.
African Digital Art is a website that celebrates African art, design and technology
But the discussion was academic.
So the verdict of the experts is clear
They also started a petition calling for peace.
She came to me one day.
He must know that this cannot happen unless his own house is in order.
We are aware of the outcome, consequences, of war in Iraq and Afghanistan ...
The New York Times is in the business of selling newspapers.
Well, first of all, the language.
Brazilian football fans took the decision as an insult.
But in my opinion, it now seems more probably that he was telling the truth.
And if so, when did that turning point happen?
A Japanese blogger who lives in Korea talks about her experience.
There was no one but you at the trial.
I thought that was really great.
Thus the name of the blog
She did not call out.
As investigations continue, the online community is sure to keep a close eye on developments.
This lady is getting more and more popular as a modern young leader among the youth in Afghanistan.
The court released its decision on its official Weibo account.
The blogger suggests what to do next
This was not just rhetoric.
The description of the video on YouTube reads
These are the only platforms they know how to use.
How come they perform in such stupid manner.
I had never even seen a football before in my life
Can Online Media Help Development?
The book includes case studies from all over the world.
He did a lot of wrong things in his past..
But nothing, it appeared, long enough to attract attention.
To begin with you also must get to the top of the governing party.
His blog has attracted the attention of Singapore bloggers, including mainstream media.
has done a good job.
The figures are in fact significant.
I got him a book.
But if Hong Kong follows this path, what will our culture look like?
If I could be serious, blocking RT is a bad decision.
But I wish I knew it so I could tell the world how bad it was there.
This is a journey many will not make alive.
Should we stop them or not?
First we have to talk about a special place that LiveJournal plays in the Russian blogosphere.
And you do not want to give half of your daily salary for a magazine.
Though long past, the violations committed during the Civil War remain a very sensitive topic within Spain.
still throwing accusations here and there...
Bloggers share their views on the issue.
When I was a prisoner I thought I would never see them again.
This decision made a lot of people question the move and wonder who stood behind it.
What stories do you think there are left to tell in Venezuelan literature?
Why are children of the Mexican elite allowed to have everything?
Before you take to the streets next time, everyone should agree with his friends.
He was called in for questioning by military intelligence last week.
Recently many people have been asking this question
It is as if the great leader we have been waiting for arrived at last.
The text is in Russian.
More troops are being sent to Afghanistan, not less.
Discrimination In The Middle East?
Please stop selling weapons to Saudi Arabia.
The Way it Was, Is and Can Be
I accepted because I need fresh air.
In fact, the abuse is more than likely to keep going on.
Is this what u call a challenge?
Even in homes there is a change.
There, the judge ordered the former president to be held in prison.
I DEMAND MY AMERICAN PASSPORT
Rest in peace and freedom.
Public Domain via Wikimedia Commons.
Here are a few examples of those messages
These are, of course, the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote.
The natural disaster just made the situation worse.
Jail, and jail and other things.
His supporters continue to demand his release.
From this author, comes a special thanks to all those Jordanian bloggers who helped make that a reality.
This man managed to make something great from our national team for real.
The Internet is still almost the only window for them to communicate with the public.
I thank him for always keeping his word.
Small wonder, then, that we fear.
This is a developing news.
I walked away feeling on top of the world.
Is it just another propaganda machine?
They are active behind all this.
In fact, some of them or the majority of them might even support it.
Of course, this is common knowledge for anyone following Russia.
We hope that as a result of the growing links between our countries, diplomatic relations will also expand.
The blogger says  Respect
That wish was granted days later.
to decide for themselves and for their children in the next vote.
Entertainment or a Serious Issue?
She thinks that she is making an investment.
Photo courtesy of Media Center Belgrade, used with permission.
It will also be a space for communication between the people and the organizations that serve them well.
Read about his experiences here.
I think this is just the beginning.
Twitter soon blocked the profile of the man who uploaded the video.
To me, the answer is obvious.
He just promised not to use force against protesters.
This is a real tragedy for the country
My father is Li Gang
This form may be obtained from the local office of your district director.
Russian Internet is filled with thousands of blogs discussing the issue.
No further news is available about the identity of the two arrested or the photographs they shared.
Iraqi bloggers investigate and give the real word from the street.
Problems with the coverage include
We just seek to get the word out and inform people about us.
more important than any law.
Did you have to face any challenges in creating this team and teaching them the game?
and to translate the Guide into different languages.
Often these communities, especially indigenous peoples, demand a say in how their lands are used.
How can people make an honest living when they do this?
Having lost my mother at such a young age, I felt a close connection to these children.
Below is a selection of comments
Some netizens argued that what he said is the truth
These thoughts are presented in a documentary style with a short straight forward messages.
What are we doing as individuals?
I believe that this is just fake phone call , I do not believe it for one second.
we ask for money from some people in order to provide independent information for everyone else.
The country is in your hands.......
More lives will be lost.
I am ready for it to be over.
How many people responsible for such crimes have been brought to Justice and condemned?
Now that major portal websites are listed in overseas stock market.
This seems to be another way to control media.
Please understand and give your support.
Blog is the right tools for the younger generation.
The earthquake has caused extensive damage to communication systems and other vital services.
Today was a historic day for Guatemala.
Child Soldiers  Global Voices Nepal Monitor on the plight of child soldiers.
The video of it is almost beyond belief.
and for the most part, we have provided the links on our blog or in our posts.
What are the human rights implications of climate change?
Only time can reveal this.
There are no words coming to my head.
Even tourists have had tear gas fired at them
When the going gets tough, the tough changes its name.
Tajikistan is holding yet another international summit on water.
Are there more jobs with better pay?
Everyone knows what is the reason
We have since entered a different period in Zambia.
He had a following, and they can continue their work without him. ...
I will always be one.
Our dreams will keep on growing even without food.
Indeed, many do lack education and in many cases, basic education.
See the first part here.
I hope nothing bad will happen, I really do.
Where there any discussions about this?
Wish I could connect to talk about rights online.
It was just going to be one of those days.
What is the house made of?
Obama to Address Muslim World from Egypt  Global Voices The date is all set.
Street demonstrations make for a greater impact but are banned.
My financial situation, however, was not my main issue.
But was that really the case?
She is a closed book, a picture I keep on my bureau, but never look at.
I do not know how much time passed before the bus closed its doors and began to move.
that is what they have always wanted.
great thing, to finally put a law in action on Serbian Internet.
And he would see her that evening.
My mother finally got through to me today.
If they wanted to kill her, they would have done so.
What was the most surprising thing for you while fighting with this disease?
Each time, police have asked for more time to carry out their investigation of the group.
She is Talking About Iraq.
We played the worst game
The reasons are explained in an interview with one doctor now living in the UK.
I am sure that people deserve to know this.
On Twitter, supporters, from Saudi Arabia and across the Arab world, spoke up against the punishment.
She never found out what had happened to her.
They met on Saturday first.
After all, for them, it was for the local community that was to engage with the video more.
She told the police that
just to name a few
The protest, however, got the attention of the international media for an entirely wrong reason.
The blogger says he does not know the writer but there are people who have no shame and lie.
An anonymous image widely circulated online.
This theory worked on paper.
How long have you been blogging and why?
And there is nothing and no evidence which will change that.
We need to grow the movement.
That is not my battle to fight.
Online, Facebook users posted photographs of the protests and the victims.
Who can afford to take responsibility?
Now he looked at her.
It is possible that this made the elections more peaceful.
Local newspaper Gulf Times reported
The next round of Rising Voices funding will take place in September.
BBC and CNN in Thailand are now like this.
These deaths have sparked fears among players in the Ugandan entertainment business.
In his free book distribution campaign, the author asked the readers to answer an interesting question
The police carried her away and dropped her on the ground in the process.
How can you not have an office?
Tell the families to come and identify them.
They do not have any pain any more.
The reason for all this?
I have a feeling that my writing has impact on the public.
The event also has a Facebook page.
Many readers have already sent in photographs.
Could be heard even here.
I am very drawn to people in need, and how I can play a part to help them.
You did not agree with her, why?
I want to help them tell their story without taking sides.
There are also questions how much the program benefits the farmers, other sources say.
The country itself became a global prison.
He died so we can live.
Black Star Journal has the story, as does Black Looks.
she died in hospital a few hours later.
The list did not remain without photos for long, and this note was added
And how did he feel about modern art??
It is crucial that the relevant page is among the first ten search results.
They lost everything because of me.
I think that some companies are slowly understanding the role it plays.
A Weibo user expressed his frustration
Now we are more united than ever.
This is where people who understand business have no problems.
Telegram is also blocked in Yemen.
Make sure that follow your steps
They share this country with us, but they live a different reality.
China Copyright and Media has translated the whole piece into English.
The next step was to get the girls involved in sports.
But this year seems to start with chaos.
China Introduces Online Video Game
While Mahmood wishes them all the best, he asks, what contribution to science did they contribute?
Followers could also track their journey on the map.
By creating new stories and continuing dialogue.
As the trade has increased, however, so has the threat.
However, the government blamed the lower figure largely on different research methods and climate change.
Searching for food in Tahrir..
But not over slogans, not over parties and not over languages.
Thousands started to line up three days ahead for buying the paper money and resulted in great chaos.
I did it without much thought.
Ending rape, speaking out against violence against women and girls is the collective responsibility of men.
But one thing I am sure of
Almost too much, but not quite.
Only recently, a Right to Information activist was murdered.
Of the Japanese private he says
It is time for Singapore to recognize that peaceful protest is not a crime.
What do you write about?
The sanctions will no longer be cover.
The petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year.
You are much too beautiful.
So today, we will quickly review the top five posts from the Kurdish blogosphere.
in addition to the slow internet, and the price of calls, all applications are blocked.
But they were quickly arrested, though the authorities later released them.
Some of the parents that have lost their children spoke while demonstrators entered the square.
We need to grow up, drop this issue.
What led to this public safety crisis?
We have no time to look for them.
The citizens only trust in human rights institutions.
The majority of Syrians are with their president, so leave us alone
The Best of the Blogs Awards
Photo courtesy of Migrant Care.
This difference is made up of many factors.
Its goal is to encourage students to express their ideas and opinions using personal blogs.
What do you have planned for the future?
Has an other party done so?
Maybe our neighborhood will return to the regime.
Behind the excuse of national security are interest groups.
The blogger has published photos and films about this event.
Send me word that he has come back.
The new regional policy is marked by a strong federal presence and heavy funding.
And in society where do I place her?
will have to take responsibility for this one day.
we have reached the point where there is clear agreement that we need to work toward greater aid transparency.
This is on record Below are some of his recent tweets.
Next morning, they moved on again.
I hate it, I hate it, I HATE IT..
Some users believed that this day marks the loss of a part of the Islamic world.
Religious organizations include the groups described below.
I am still in school, studying business management.
A Campaign Against the Mayor?
She was like, why not?
The Trinidad and Tobago Weather Centre tweeted
She also spoke about social media as a tool for political activism.
They were not only religious centers, but also civil, educational and even judicial.
But here is how it works.
A student holding a sign in front of the posters.
NGOs and Human Rights organizations started to organize campaigns to respond to this decision.
Now wedding is a four days ceremony...
Another election page is Cambodia Voter Voice.
I always believe that those who are inside are the ones who can decide where things should go.
How to Take a Stand on Censorship in China?
Of course in the beginning they started slow.
This is a failure waiting to happen.
He blamed the politicians for all of those issues saying
Property law review  Global Voices China law blog has a review on the China property law.
The images below show his original post and the pictures taken at the scene of the crime.
But this has its set of challenges.
Or is this a sign that all of us did the destruction for long time?
Their voices filled the room with a quiet power.
That way I can blog whenever I want.
It is a common tradition here.
And I strongly believe that this is the choice that should have never emerged.
The accusations keep coming until it becomes an insult.
The law has to be stronger than this
he was studying in university and had just few months to end his studies...
This comes as the Ministry of Health ...
Please join the debate in our comments section.
The Eid has passed without a call from my husband.
In this environment, Facebook became one of the key platforms for discussing ongoing political events in Ukraine.
Is it reaching these goals??
They have no choice about the things that are forced upon them.
What will parliament record in the minutes?
Come join us and help build the bridge.
And I hope to do a good job reporting on climate change.
Answer for me, am I happy?
they are also not very active..
What exactly is the source of his authority?
I think the first option is better
The stories of the students have much in common
their diverse culture, history, language and their land.
police is shooting tear gas and live rounds
This is despite the government being part of the US coalition against ISIS.
Among the dead and the living.
My heart stayed behind in that house.
Image available in public domain.
It is good to see those numbers again.
Here is a selection of reactions
They think it is in Nigeria or South Africa.
See how, on our Summit website.
I have to say this because I believe it from learning it through an experience.
Personally, I think there is some truth to it.
And the association has no political, sectarian or religious goals.
Blogger says point is not he gets a huge salary or not.
if they could only find each other.
This is a real voice which can be heard all over the world...
but citizenship should be based on a set of laws that are applied equally to all within Myanmar borders.
Let his voice be healthy
Another day has gone by.
Stability of Afghanistan is in the stability of people.
Find, as they say, ten differences.
It is obviously too early to tell why the attack actually happened.
It was not the first time that Wikipedia was blocked.
What else can we do?
My fundamental point is about us.
The video eventually began to be shared on the Internet.
They chose to work from within the system as opposed to outside of it.
and a political prisoner like him can face the death penalty.
Can you introduce yourself and your research project?
She started using her blog to ask for financial help.
According to her wish, her funeral will be simple among family members.
However, the way that the Article was approved is also a subject for many bloggers.
Whatever the case, the idea is to leave a better Zambia for our children and their children.
a party or parties make it their own or it is ruled as such.
My family told me over the telephone that they are completely cut off from Beirut.
She wants to spend Christmas with me, what should I do?
Here is a summary of the proposed programme
Additional conditions difficult access to water.
Therefore he devoted his investigations and worked really hard.
If that were to happen, the Iranian people would have done what we do in times of crisis
And they also share their hopes for the release of other jailed bloggers.
the election, the history of Tanzania, and the platforms and promises of various parties and candidates.
Then, native speakers will translate them to English.
But above all, backed by one of the best group of fans ever seen in a world cup.
And what eyes they were.
And the Jews in this country hate the Arab Israelis, because they are similar to Palestinians.
Our World has a list of various people who contributed to the event.
How will the site work?
We would all love to live better and enter the EU.
In general, Venezuelan journalists are not ready for participation in the blogging movement.
It is also supported by a blog by a medical professional.
Or create more jobs, something that voters have called for ahead of, during, and after several past elections?
How far has your reach been thus far?
You have changed the fate of a country.
Some time ago I went out on a date with a man.
There must be some of it.
Of course there is the regular fight on where the drop off point is.
I asked what they meant.
Allegedly, they had a fight about a girl they both liked.
While at Human Development in Lebanon it is asked
But how can you kill poetry?
Actually there was no STATE
According to a Press release sent to Global Voices Online, the network said
Add oil, my Taiwanese friends.
Image via Wikimedia Commons from Public Domain.
The question of the day.
Demonstrators asked that fired bus drivers back to work.
I think this is great.
Is this going to be a trend that the Caribbean will be following?
Myanmar also has a new name
For more photos, see here.
But the funds are simply not there.
I dream of a Jamaica close to this.
Was your true calling languages or teaching?
We are the world, but the world of music will never be the same without you.
You just ran into a religious wall.
This is sad news for the industry, of course.
According to its project proposal
Here are some good discussions in English bloggers.
This means a very serious problem.
This is the most violent crackdown I have ever seen in Hong Kong.
He wrote in his blog
In Venezuela, we want PEACE.
With the school year about to begin, education is a hot topic.
The pictures reminds her of her younger days in Myanmar.
Indonesian Doctors Association felt it must respond.
He will receive his sentence later this year.
I saw with my own eyes in what terrible conditions they got trained and prepared for the games.
I felt a little bit better after this.
Everything is a lie, always.
Have you been in touch with Iranian cyber activists?
My plan is clear and simple.
What happened to freedom of speech?.....
Global Voices Anonymous does not know or care.
Yet somehow, Japan has become the common enemy of China and South Korea.
Then we wanted to go further, because Facebook is ...
To be brief, I wish to quote the Afghan President and let the readers decide what he said
Even mainstream media took notice and started to ask questions.
he heard none of these.
As word spread on social media, friends began coming by the house to help.
Except in the case of one band
May the public never forget that the Cambodian government has failed to bring justice to him and his family.
The hours were terrible too.
should stay at home and forget all about the elections.
They brought over the same names, the same discussions, and a familiar language.
Their detailed study is shared here
To work on a cultural site or a cultural magazine means that you are working for nothing.
They are driven by different goals, but they are not scared of hard work
The people in the Senate must know what they are talking about.
But he had to get back.
The policy would be implemented in other regions as well.
an illegal resort built on public property.
as a result my child was scared.
With another cartoon they ask why the news media cover Syria but not Bahrain?
It thus reveals the details of our personal, political, social, financial, and working lives.
I kind of know that.
Do you blog for fun?
The blogger discusses what implications it has for India.
But this path is now open.
we shall do the same .. we shall respect them and respect the things that are important to them...
This is just like North Korea.
They need to dance as they are told.
He has worked for several Arabic newspapers in Bahrain.
Image taken from Flickr user
Finally, the released officers have told us about the abuse they were through in Georgia.
Children turning to arms and not books....
Universities, schools, and different work places closed for the day.
The portal will provide live results of the election.
Later at night, videos were circulated showing how the accident happened.
there is none who seeks after God.
Do we consider the balance as positive?
Not to mention that this is an election that the whole country is watching.
Social Media has become increasingly important in present day and age.
Jamaica and the World is not happy with the course the country seems to be taking.
Questions came to me from all sides about my world citizenship activities.
Then he called on the governor to explain why.
Because they always had mass opposition there
On Tuesday, high school students also started to organize themselves, starting Facebook pages and protesting.
The government, instead of blocking the public voice, should let the voice go.
better pay, training and arms.
Internet has to be controlled.
If convicted of the charges, he could go to prison for up to five years.
Without you, who knows where we would be today.
there is the President, and there are his citizens.
Can there be any price for this?
People including myself killed her first and then set her body on fire.
Two hours on the road.
Natural resources surrounded by terror
First of all, people thought the short must be directed at Hong Kong.
Which is more dangerous to me..
They are therefore more able to decide what has happened.
Or of the one who is on the right?
The three were later on released.
Depends on who is nearby.
I supported the protests, and I wanted to help.
I have good and bad news for you.
bring out the best of all culture as my dear country...
Your thoughts and opinions are your own.
Have you had contact with other political parties?
Are our leaders going to speak up, or remain silent?
At one point, demonstrators asked officers to arrest him before it was too late.
On Friday, the Family Committee sent out an additional message in English
Hamas launched its account with a joke
This is not the first time the issue of homosexuality has generated a lot of interest in Zambia.
Maybe politicians in the West are giving this approach a shot?
People will come back next year if needed.
He argues at the progressive website The Daily Blog
He thought first of his son and daughter, away at college.
Sounds like we have a plan
However, online debates have focused mainly on the use of the Russian language in the country.
This is the second time a Saudi judge issue a verdict involving social media accounts of a Saudi citizen.
The footage is available on YouTube
It is as simple and as basic as that.
In the letter, the group requested that the Dutch government respond to accusations of racism.
These are among the most popular questions discussed in the Kazakh blogosphere.
I do not vote, I do not yet have the right age.
But it is no use.
Check if you have enough money to survive
What do we call this?
He is just a man with a bad heart, his origin is not relevant.
What are the most important challenges?
So have the police and armed forces.
Why not go to hell?
Check out her first post featuring a voice from Gaza speaking about her hopes and fears.
Protests continued the following day and the actions spread to other towns.
How they finding money to do all this?
I have also received comments about the posters on my blog being useful for students.
But the reflection goes beyond that.
I am not willing to take this responsibility.
Much of the difference lies in public perception
Do you think your work belongs to a specific school?
At the same time, she appears to have mixed feelings about her early release during the holiday season
Then I met you all.
One of the good pages.
Surely there was a better word.
I no more take help from people to move around.
Not just once, or even twice, but many times
And if that is the case, then maybe we should ban all violent games.
Both he and I attended.
I would have liked to hear from more men.
People are tired of the media.
And, perhaps, even more than one.
Censorship still remained, a censorship in the media.
The stories spread all over Uganda and the Diaspora.
You can find all about them in their blog.
Somewhere in Dubai waiting to kill people
Violence is not the way forward.
That is a lot, and it makes a difference.
Even their hands were not tied.
Cuba, however, continues to be top of mind for some bloggers.
The actions of FIFA no longer concern me.
I guess someone has to research this further, but I think it is basic supply and demand.
Screenshot from video posted on YouTube.
Bloggers in Mexico and throughout the world have been quick to offer their analysis.
It fell a few times.
When will she start a family?
Global Voices What does Zimbabwe have offer children?
How do you feel about that statement?
Twitter is our Times Square on this victory day.
Please help us figure it out
If I were FIFA president, MORE SUPPORT TO THE MINOR NATIONAL TEAMS
People in India are also protesting increase in prices.
being part of this blog, has had a strong impact on how I see the world of politics.
Demonstrations have turned violent and eight protesters have died in clashes with riot police.
This is something shared by many Iranian artists.
He died the following day.
the absence of Soviet Communist power.
Those who criticize do not have any idea about the family values and problems of girls in rural areas.
Iranian bloggers have very diverse opinions about this new blog.
I drew them bigger than the houses.
Sometimes it even gets higher.
Now the Arab public is divided into a dozen or more schools of thought about Obama.
Here are speech minutes and first reactions
He dismissed the possibility at once.
Please try to stay clear of anger.
Why did they march in the streets?
A half hour later the Vice President arrived.
The blogger also translates comments from local forum.
One would expect that lessons were learned by both sides of the conflict.
Some of the reasons this page gives are
Having visited recently, I learned that they have the same situation there.
Do politicians believe in the future of the country?
At this point, you might be asking, how did it come to this?
This is an electoral crime
The route to freedom is never an easy ride.
A short list of banned websites
What is that project about?
Kill in the name of religion.
I just leave it to God right now.
I was beginning to work as journalist north of the border.
Perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal.
So we discover and research it ourselves through our own family history.
This is a story about the Soviet man.
Wonder, Appreciate, and Get Inspired.
The obvious fact that the world changes.
What would he learn if I hit him to stop him from doing something?
They were asked to turn back few times Mexico
It is so sad historic event.
This is the day of the year I really hate.
For what I deeply believe in
What inspired this particular design concept?
The only street I wish would never end.
You can start several at once, if possible.
we had a system failure.
You have to be stupid...
You can also follow her on Twitter.
Let the new rule take effect.
She had even less faith in the ability of law enforcement to solve the murder
I was lucky in lots of ways, no doubt about it.
And I do wake up with this feeling every morning.
Such situation is quite common in countries like Iran and China.
The site brings together a collection of documents and articles about the work they do.
And now, the blogosphere represents the actual political situation.
In the regions, the slogan is
Why do you do that?
We need to look at the factors that make it so difficult to put these policies actually into place.
The streets became empty, and it was as if some terrible fate had fallen.
I like how special Ramadan is treated.
bloggers are certain this is war.
They may have power, but how representative are such individuals of Iranian blogosphere or even Iranian society in general.
And they want a Ministry.
The point was just kind of to express my reaction.
But many mainland Chinese netizens have responded with concern over what appears to be a double standard.
asks an American in Jordan.
In our country of plenty, there are a number of these people who need our help.
On finding a house  Global Voices Finding housing is more difficult if you belong to a certain community.
At first I got scared because I thought there was a fire.
Actually, why not make it the official Kenyan welcome style
The volunteers face great personal risk.
I am so sad about the attack.
See how the flag looked like earlier.
The journalists recognized that their articles had raised problems, but denied that this included calls to violence.
And as I said, it should be that way.
Unity for the Venezuelan family
What does this verdict mean?
There is a lot to overcome, it seems.
I do not believe there is one woman who has not faced harassment or violence.
This seems to have been another example of that viral cyber disease
The issue had prompted criticism from Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia, and raised concerns in the other South American countries.
The text in Spanish on the video says
This is an extremely tough time for us all.
We are lucky this week to have some blog posts about life in the north.
Amnesty International called for an investigation into his death which over a year later has not been conducted.
To what are they calling us?
State Department photo, part of public domain.
In court, there is always a winner and a lose.
where we will discuss the various types of blogs.
This post is part of our special coverage Caucasus Conflict Voices.
The solution is to make both countries, a single country.
You can have sex with me as a friend.
I sleep the sleep of the dead.
The statement did not state attacks against journalists as the reason behind this decision.
One of the few pieces of legislation that finally was passed by Parliament was the new State Budget.
Read the first part on Global Voices here.
And this is what all too often happens.
And how did this urge lead you to Global Voices?
One side was peaceful, the other side was not read here.
There are differences of opinion.
From Canada comes a video journalist with a project
People are ready to pay much more...
Face it, talk about it, deal with it.
Follow our latest developments here.
our position on tragic events in Libya very clear.
I think the most important point you make for me
then they might stand a chance of keeping it that way.
Iraqi bloggers discuss their fears and hopes on the day of the national elections.
Unable to leave the building, he ended up spending the night there with his colleagues.
Russia should not participate in this war.
Women are not equal to men.
At present, the death and fear have ended.
According to a report by the website Addis Standard
Le Blog de opened up an interesting debate about this very issue in the following words
And it seems they are short on solutions these days.
The question remains, if they want it.
Five netizens share their opinion and knowledge with Global Voices below.
I am shocked with those celebrating Saudi justice.
And the most successful one.
Issues such as, to what extent are we truly committed to free movement?
My heart is heavy now, really heavy.
no one can reach the house.
In another post, the blogger notes that is never quite as simple as just having one wedding.
They are only trying to live day by day and solve the health problems facing their children.
I am an English teacher and a senior student on technical, literary and scientific translation into English.
But in the last week, he gained a new tribute.
One way or another, we need to act.
Global Voices Turkish lawyers returned to their home country.
What everyone is dying to know is what comes next?
Police said today, they had little to report about the assassination.
Yet, such a thing did actually exist.
Iranian bloggers shared their ideas and concerns about this policy with words and image.
How was the security information circulated at that time?
Again, it is all about politics, right?
About half of the tourists come from mainland China.
So I ask, what does Iran do about animal rights?
If these facilities are not at the door, getting them may cost more than you expect.
I remain a little concerned that Mugabe keeps quiet.
Not by you, not by us.
The video has been shared over a hundred times.
They do not care to hide it any more.
The data was true, but many did not care.
There is a life about to start when tomorrow comes
DREAM Act Day of Action
You could be subjected to violence.
I tried it in one country overseas.
How many women should be killed before we wake up?
Free Speech Under Threat  Global Voices Male, the capital of Maldives.
Rumors that riot police will fire tear gas at first sign of demonstrations ...
This seemed right to him.
Each side has its own story.
which rights are they fighting for?
It also wonders how Azerbaijani students can practice their English with the BBC affected by the move.
Along with the summer heat comes the heat of debate.
It also seems that fear of what is happening in Egypt is spreading around the world
If I want to take action against you, we will get within seven hours at the most.
You can follow him on Twitter
For the end, the impression of the night
Screenshot from the YouTube video.
Maybe not as accessible as it is on YouTube, but where should I put it then?
The question remains what if all these costs do not pay off?
Very few moved the contest online, posting campaign updates on Twitter and Facebook.
I know this for sure
the council for the young, and the council for women.
There sure as hell has to be a good reason for this.
An American blogger in Morocco writes in with support for the Village
You have to explain things better than anyone.
A great among the great ones.
The funds collected will be passed to the Brunei Special Olympic Team.
That person is facing charges.
So this was an open secret
Several Malaysian bloggers are questioning the ban.
If the regime is strong enough to survive the protests, then it may also weather another crisis.
The high oil prices have made travel really expensive in Sudan.
Probably this will take one hour or less, but we have to deal with this every single day.
So what were the complaints?
Below are some of the tweets
Please respect the local law when you are in a foreign country.
I have always said there are two types of people who travel to Cape Town.
It could mean they are relatives of people suspected of being in the resistance.
Recently, however, the Tunisian Agency of Internet censored four Facebook pages , following a military order.
How can a language the population does not speak be declared a second language?
Men search mostly about IT and technology, while women are more interested in relations, kids, and job opportunities.
I see the figures but they are wrong.
Must or should the Federal government help??
So here is a summary of what I liked up to the point my kids wake up...
The penalty amount with the Spanish Supreme Court in the background.
the economic reforms and construction forced many people to leave their own homes.
What parts of the website are frequently ignored?
Do you have someone in mind?
Every newspaper has the right to publish or not to publish any article.
They often miss these things, aware that the world goes on around them.
The people that will decide the upcoming election are the youth.
Top Links of the Week
And here are some more pictures from the festival
Please read the post to find out the truth.
And this is the sad part.
So far the majority of the users and traffic come from within China.
So you can do things you really like.
Which is worse I wonder
The brave man wants to have a little privacy for a week before he can say anything.
They go on to question the happy state of the locals.
The user allegedly admitted his crime, so his sentence was suspended.
And leaving the government aside, THE WHOLE COUNTRY
What that document contains is our constitution.
Holiday tour or business trip?
So now its not what you do but what your friends do that matters.
People leave us a lot of comments saying
On the other hand, the demand for sexual services was much lower than had been expected.
There are people who think that this does not make sense. ...
The biggest revolution is in places like Central America and the Pacific.
One of the first things he would do, he said, would be to organize classes in first aid.
But when and where did I lose my head..??
All three had to be taken to hospital for emergency care.
Now, another world is happening.
I started doing because I feel a great responsibility to the people around me.
Of course, and here is the real reason.
At the same time, it raises questions about the basic elements of these popular practices.
Something is very wrong with this country.
By the People, But for Whom?
Of course, not all is perfect in Singapore.
Who will and will not be participating?
Google may be good now, but as it continues to grow, will it remain so?
What is in store for Turkey?
does that limit who it will reach?
This week the debate continues.
This cry used to cause fear around the world, but it is too late now.
Was it normal for the UK to ask the United Nations to condemn Iran?
Government schools in the area remain open.
One day, he did not stay at home for a few days.
We understand community as people getting together to see what the problems are and find solutions together.
But not in an ordinary form.
Also on Saturday, a gay pride parade in Mexico City.
What more could they want?
That will be mostly connected with advertising.
A writer who is one of the few who became famous worldwide.
He advocates involving local communities in the decision making process.
In the video Ali said
You made friends and passed notes in class.
We sat down with them and the town leaders and worked out a plan.
A president is not just a labour activist.
There had been a lot of changes from the first draft to the final one.
The political power will not be given to the people, and the government will never serve the people.
But what is the nature of the expert analysis?
Chinese citizens should be responsible for the remarks they make.
Whether we needed any help.
And there are other growing language communities and they will rise eventually.
I hope Burkina media will join the debate.
This is to ask for cooperation in monitoring content which may affect peace and order.
I was a couple years ago and learned a lot of interesting things.
The president of Kyrgyzstan is elected for six years.
It would be so much fun.
And which side stands on reality?
So I needed to think up something, the result of which was this action.
We are part of this movement.
I received lots of threats message they were asking me to which party and groups I am belong.
At least you can walk.
Not so many are willing to do that.
Peru football match in Trinidad.
Everything bad is good for something.
Once upon a Christmas  Global Voices Once upon a Christmas in Zimbabwe
He then said my name.
where she publishes photos of the area and speaks with local residents
My father had always been a very strong man.
Trump is not believed to have raised human rights at the meeting.
His advice to his readers is
like we were before, free
Welcome to my African Music Roundup.
go to Flickr and see for yourself.
This program has a true impact upon human lives through providing free access to health, education, and economic information.
There is always a way to find a media time online.
At least, not in the Lebanon I grew up in.
Everyone is looking into my life.
Can you tell us how social media tools were used during the campaigns and immediately after the elections?
The immediate impact has been rising food prices.
they might be gay or straight, they might be living in the region or in Diaspora.
The Executive Director will be responsible for the following
I was among the soldiers.
Jamaica can go back to normal or not, hope we the people can see the difference.
she was drawing on the ground.
According to the two, the traffic between the two cities is increasing each day.
So do the ten groups above all take part in organised law breaking activities?
He was treated at a local hospital and released.
So what next for the group?
So instead she wrote a letter to Immigration Minister Chris Alexander asking to help.
Months have gone by and the family is still in her house, trying to figure out their next move.
And there is not much that can be done here.
The next question is who to vote for then?
In fact, they should come to us.
He makes a simple point
Reporters Without Borders, for example, has placed only six countries below Vietnam in terms of press freedom.
what does a woman want the most?
Something we cannot really ignore...
I am too old for this life.
He is known for being strongly critical of the lack of political presence by the opposition in the country.
Now the photos that we share are increasingly better.
And he is above them.
It is important that these platforms address the topics of a community.
to get respect today should be your cry Let all the men understand
The purpose of this initiative is to put pressure on politicians to combat hunger.
Who was closer to the truth?
As usual it was a lot of fun.
The election campaigns this year looked a bit different.
Clashes in Tehran  Global Voices Iran
It is because we will have new president.
Why is it a good?
how can this be explained?
She asks about cultural traditions and why the mother gave up her little baby daughter.
I highly doubt they are many.
People around me had tears in their eyes, actually I had tears in my eyes.
Now bloggers based in northern Peru get their chance.
Sri Lanka heading towards a Dictatorship??
At least one was never a member.
The author described the video
Spanish, English, and some German and Italian.
Following are some of the reactions that are emerging online as the first results are being announced.
And keep an eye on the Summit web site, Twitter and Facebook.
I have got three calls from anonymous persons stop blogging or I would be killed.
Daniel has some thoughts on how it all went photos here.
It makes people want to read them.
This phenomenon is quite easily explained.
What is it about, really?
The other is no longer mine.
He tweeted immediately after the incident
You sound well fired up.
So what else is new?
What plans do you have for the site?
This was obviously not the case for YouTube.
Numerous letters have also been written to this woman, threatening her life and that of her family.
Who knows what they were thinking?
More often that not, that central site has been the Blogs Bolivia page.
I felt so guilty because my daughter felt my fears.
There is a saying that the army makes someone into a real man.
How can an individual gain credit?
The petition as filed in the court is accessible here.
Reading this article, anyone will get the impression that Kuwait is such a bad place to live and work.
Come and see how elections are done and learn from us.
Free to shop and free to Facebook.
The history of Zambia will never be complete without the mention of her name.
anything over that amount is a crime.
Who are the big groups that are struggling for power here?
There were mixed responses from the US authorities.
Demonstrations are held all over India protesting the arrest.
I will keep you updated.
Because its technical features make it possible.
I wonder what he thinks now.
Are you afraid right now, what can happen to you now, what can happen during our walk now?
Under existing law, each rural deputy represents a population four times than in urban areas.
I could not meet up as often as expected so one day the thought just dropped.
We had done nothing wrong.
It is not a militant movement.
I do not see anything wrong with that.
Was this censorship by Twitter?
I hope that the young people like me will be a driving force of this change further on.
So much for the accused being considered innocent until proven guilty.
This threat to the Muslim community is a challenge to this nation.
One might think the problem would be similar.
You do not have to be a lawyer to see it.
Check out some of the photos from the page below.
Could you please state in which context this took place?
The fate of ten others remains unknown.
In this letter she also mentioned something about lawyers, and said that she would like a new lawyer.
Where will our Public Works officials turn up next?
We will close down whatever we need to close down leave.
She commented on her radio show
There is no need to go into details here...
How has the content of your blog changed?
We are a group of gay Egyptian youth.
It is this attitude that makes us blind to their plight.
Have You Ever Killed a Person?
Why not just go for it?
The story is about a happy family with three kids.
At the end of the press conference they invited people to participate in the event
No deal is better than a bad deal.
Support domestic goods and avoid Japanese products, everyone should watch the military parade
The Committee to Protect Bloggers has news about two arrested Iranian bloggers
I am also happy that more and more of you are leaving comments. ...
That is why they have chosen to keep silence.
Even through all that he has gone through, and the fact that he is here alone.
To learn to listen to others is vital for democracy.
someone like them but a bit older.
most of them in tears..
This is what real freedom is about.
The commission also describes what languages are included in this space
In the end he says
Their first collaboration came close.
We had two anonymous phone calls to our home phone number, with threats against me.
And today he pulled the machine gun.
Public opinion about the issue has gone beyond social media networks since it also led to street activism.
They also regularly attend more religious services.
Around the country several protest rallies have been organized.
their success is built upon the lack of awareness on individual rights.
I just wish for my Pakistan to rise once again.
In fact, buy my house, will you?
He has three weeks left and is working all day every day.
This is also true when it comes to an emerging and active LGBT blogging scene.
The question that should not be ignored is
Here what he thinks of Tajikistan
Its influence has not gone away.
If there is a clear point to be made
For a week as well.
Government research will look into new products and methods.
I shall touch on three areas
This government does not seem to think.
In the case of Ghana, there is absolutely no way citizen participate in decision making.
If you are not able to go back, give it to your son.
How about I put together a summary of events on Twitter Nigeria?
I did not change the subjects.
To foreigners, To each other and to themselves
America was a place that offered them safety and freedom.
If the fans were typical, the teams were anything but.
is to let children know that being gay is not criminal.
he refused, took them to court and won.
Reality is, there have been lots of donations but there are far more victims who need HELP.
Others wondered how such a selection was made in the first place
In short, the man is a professional.
This is an art form.
No, really, right as rain.
The First Internet Party ever Held in Cambodia  Global Voices A decade ago Cambodia connected to the world.
The battle ground is the Middle East.
But increasing heat is a problem as well.
Even though I feel completely Israel, voices from the Arab side claim that I am Palestinian.
What an example we should all follow.
Belgrade is not my capital more.
What kinds of topics did you cover?
The Cambodian government seems to have had enough of false information on the internet.
Would they make fun of him like this??
The Language of International Media.
He put forward this argument
Here is a youtube video that shows what happened on that day.
There is plenty of opportunity for proper education today.
The difference between this and other similar stupid incidents is the role of Facebook.
Citizens showed up in the hundreds, though there appeared to be more police presence than protesters.
Many of them work with us in different ways and some are critical too.
Below are some of the photos of students arrested by the police yesterday
It was the third time he had been arrested.
Each country group will feel this enormous moral support.
In fact, it could be said that an experienced person might be more at risk because of false confidence.
No Man is an Island?
In the days after the protest, organizers and participants started expressing concern via the official Facebook group.
Each year, a number of sales personnel are detained for days for breaking the said law.
What benefits has your blog brought to you?
Only in the short term?
one involving the state, civil society and the private sector to implement the many measures put forward.
How well is it working?
The group aims to provide mobile science and tech materials for rural schools in the Philippines.
The statement included three main demands
Or it will do the opposite?
But who can blame human efforts to make quality of life better?
Like it or not, the system is always there.
And we did have good food.
And so did all of us.
Since then all the young child could to talk is police.
The movement has again proven to be legitimate.
We have an innovative approach.
The woman stands there, wondering what to take...
The revolution changed the modern history of Egypt.
we ended up developing a much better app.
She is just an ordinary girl.
But, at least, I could have voted for my favorite candidate.
As the old saying goes
Is there ways to do that?
Finding it very hard to believe
Mixed feelings of what was happening.
Here are five of the best reactions from the past month
Below are a few pictures of people trying to put these principles into action.
However, they have now became a form of language for communication between Egyptian youth.
But the date on which the bill was posted?
Please try to understand China better.
Links to previous posts on the subject are at the end.
They filed complaints to authorities over the course of six years but no action been taken.
The Ministry of information will issue a registration number to each blogger?
I got a call yesterday Wednesday afternoon.
Sanctions have a mixed record in international relations.
This was not a game.
In recent times, El Salvador has been marked by increasingly high rates of violence.
The weapons are everywhere, and they are in the hands of the Israeli soldiers.
How can democracy be established by taking away the fundamental rights of political leaders?
Its just so different here its like a separate world.
As he walked, he tried to think.
He tweeted about green jobs in Bangladesh
A few minutes later the doctor asked us
The World Should Know What He Did to My Family.
The article notes the following
Who is he to attack people like that?
As a matter of fact, though, what I learned in one of them was applied on the other one.
What do you take me for?
The other question is the issue of water.
Well, I have and know both types.
I really wonder what on earth a migrant worker she is
He has put forward seven principles for his personal campaign
As an example, you can ask your readers to read a sentence from right to left.
Why are you looking so beautiful?
A massive infrastructure spending program has been pushed forward.
There are more of us good guys.
the plan is to deliver it to both of the prime ministers of India and Pakistan.
then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from Family Service before going to a lawyer.
She is too small to be any player, yet a tool for big players..
Activism seems to be in the air.
There has been enough reporting on the many decisions by this administration that have gone wrong.
Share your experiences with services in Zambia.
One of her readers says she will try it.
Soccer blog  Global Voices Kenyan Soccer is a new blog dedicated to covering the Kenyan soccer scene.
Within these teams we have people who speak both Russian and Ukrainian who can help give specific language context.
All I ever wanted was to be a free man in my own country.
How did a protest become mass murder?
What does he stand for?
Not only about the political ways, protesting, but also the daily problems.
But I am afraid of going to a hospital.
After four years in detention, he was moved to an unknown location.
The theme will be Africa
I left the police station feeling that Lebanese citizens have no protection under the law.
She was a first is almost everything she put her head and heart into.
How shall he tell his friends?
Here is the list of issues he has with the process
There were also Pakistani American and Pakistani Australian voters.
The Beijing case has set an example for others.
Government is there to serve you.
Debate the issue without the personal attacks.
Let us the public debate the issue.
Who did they vote for before?
Then he tells us about the movie that had a great effect on him.
In Brazil, basic education is divided into three levels
The lack of electricity is currently a major problem in Africa.
and the fourth suspect is Trinidadian.
As long as we are alive, we have to subject ourselves to exactly that.
This will continue for days to come.
Went to an Ethiopian restaurant with some friends.
People be proud of being an African with your cultural practices.
You can do that here.
What happens when there are no more leaves to eat?
Jamaica and the World reads between the lines.
Maybe he is just visiting some friends...
Many turn to the Middle East for employment.
We were not allowed to visit it . Too bad.
When they left, I had to close my small business.
And what is the relationship between a Saudi blogger and the Tunisian blogosphere?
We have no idea about how many children were affected or what kind of support is provided by authorities.
Malagasy bloggers were quick to react news of the arrest
But nothing is close to what Mumbai has experienced in last couple of days.
She also lists almost all points of his speech in order.
now i have to get used to this one too...
At least you will not be like some who were before you and waste it.
On his blog he says
This is the reality that we live in.
Looking for live tweets on Turkey election, anyone?
Also, that there are some groups of students helping to clean the area.
We may also follow it till the dream itself becomes our goal instead of making it come true.
Going to this concert will mean something to people.
They produce a weekly online magazine and the focus of their last issue was the Arab blogosphere.
The day when Serbia stopped
Earlier, farmers had already blocked roads and given away the milk for free.
Silence is a crime Demonstration in Cairo.
I do not think Baghdad would be better.
What is blog and citizen journalism for you?
If you are Armenian, you can consider yourself officially sold out.
The death toll continues to rise.
Well, there lies your answer.
Some terrible news for the park.
Two are being identified now and three are unknown.
It was the young people that had not known Victor who kept his memory alive.
My parents are from Taiwan too, but I was born and raised in the US.
Photo courtesy of Alliance for Citizenship.
At least this is what it seems from reading the newspaper reports.
Apparently they have a different target audience..
then shot him in the head.
Some people understood his message in this way.
a new way of sending money to China.
The Zambian justice system is a joke.
I really look forward to seeing that Show.
Citizens are helping to answer questions such as
I have no information on where I should go, what I should do.
Thus time for action, not words.
How do you think we can change this negative view of the police force?
Here is one of his songs available on YouTube
You can watch the whole thing or some selected highlights, including
Many many say they have never heard about Malawi, some ask if it is in Sudan or South Africa.
The blogosphere remains divided into which proposal is the most important.
I saw the German police waiting to get on the train.
There will be development if every citizen makes an effort.
Asia Times reported that China
Resources and further reading Amnesty International has recently updated its Facts and Figures section on the death penalty.
Good the plan was coming as planned.
Make it come off all right.
Hot, that was the word, hot
Freedom of expression is a constitutional right in our country.
saying things than run counter to reason and information, as a tool to maintain a group of people.
Freedom is not given, it is taken
Only the Chinese created this kind of people
Instead they are now fighting against something they could have prevented.
and it should be far better known than it is.
They knew that the people were angry.
The bloggers also lists what she achieved at the event.
He met nobody he knew on this walk.
There is nothing for us to celebrate.
Roma Wedding and Christmas  Global Voices The flag of the Roma people.
Here is my resignation statement.
This is the question that we all ask ...
But more such laws are needed.
You can cast your votes here and view the results here.
Above all, what you ask for goes toward the well being of everybody.
It would be great if one person gives that.
Indonesian event do not see the level of outside participation that Cambodian or Thai events do.
Here are some of the reactions on Twitter on their performance
We must use all our powers as social media users to help others vote and to guard the vote.
Just like the majority of the Russian public, these bloggers support the Assad regime.
My father made a few calls and It was as if nothing happened.
the black one and the white one.
For how many more coming years?
Since then, it is not clear whether they will finally be allowed to vote or not.
So you saw a gay couple holding hands?
This Class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance.
Others explore the way in which family and friends get together to tells stories.
This is leading to more people being interested in killing these animals.
Long live the rule of law
You seem to want all and may lose all in the process.
Might this approach also contribute to getting more black journalists and editors into publishing in general?
No one will trust these members without it.
His faith is important to him.
Or is it that girls, some girls, take it too far?
Four were reportedly killed by police officers.
Regardless of the decision two facts are clear.
then he turned to me.
you might need more support after the call than you did before you picked up the phone.
This will be followed by the Central African Republic.
it is coming very clear day after another that Iraqis are not allowed more to remain a nation..
There is hope, after all.
Until then, and beyond, they will need all the support they can get.
One of the protesters just said
We do not even know what this is.
We are seeing the establishment of a new government based on money and power....
Did the Old Man remember them there??
Failing which, he would not be taken seriously.
Read the story in Portuguese.
True, but that was the beginning of so many other challenges.
Tribal indigenous people of Bangladesh.
Global Voices You kill a terrorist and you have another terrorist.
We share our opinion and develop our strategy online.
Should we move Australia Day?
Is the Army a red line?
He is still trying to build his ideas and make sense out of them.
We want the support of the world behind us.
Currently, I am worried about other educational systems.
The upcoming elections will be my first.
African Arguments Online is hosted by the Royal African Society and the Social Science Research Council.
Here is one example from a few minutes ago
A little maybe but it was not enough
How do you communicate with each other?
They were reportedly expressing their frustration over the poor performance of their group.
More than one hundred thousand dollars, over all these decades.
Today, I will write about a group of Egyptian bloggers and their initiative to combat terrorism.
One entertainment blogger had some words of advice
We have no control over that.
My other question is, did she get a fair trial?
What has caused more reactions, however, is the closing of private and public schools for three days.
Today is the National Day Against Trafficking in Persons
would probably have gone like this
Nobody never think to check him out??
Let us get the word out and spread awareness on the blogosphere.
In this way, we will continue to strengthen our links.
It felt more like a strange dream.
The results could be read to demonstrate where Turkey stands.
The second one is the marriage of two Moroccan bloggers.
It scared me to risk her life as well as mine.
that is, taking all of the wealth with them
He also had an important role in the field of learned music.
Catch up with her tweets here.
We need lots of them.
But I realized that this world was not for me.
So she did, posting a video of the full interview and saying
Pakistani bloggers, netizens and activists have rejected the attacks in strong words.
Global Voices Is the Democratic Republic of Congo prepared for elections this year?
With the stage set, there are few topics of discussion.
Are they all in Malawi or abroad?
A member claimed in Parliament that there is a connection between the government and these incidents.
Now that we have the leadership we wanted how could we expect it to be business as usual?
Why did I wake up so early again for nothing?
Their faces were caught on video.
I know you would want me to remain strong.
many of these videos can be seen here.
She passed away last Friday.
From the time kids start primary school they are learning and speaking English.
sums up the feeling of the Caribbean blogosphere in one pointed sentence
Check out his website, Flickr account, and Facebook page.
They all said the same things.
Not that she complained, or had any cause to.
The only way out is to escape to the west.
And this is not our topic
Nobody is watching you, as I said before.
At the moment, Kyrgyzstan is the country in Central Asia where the followers of the movement are most active.
Later, the youth died on the way to the hospital.
The company has never officially explained the reason behind this rule.
What do you think of that title?
Because they should be responsible for monitoring the terrorists.
They said that this might have been done to influence the journalists.
I was thinking a lot.
It is a sound investment.
I always check the source of a blog or news story I find interesting.
He does, however, know how to play the game in order to escape a certain fate.
But the EU case is certainly an argument for the other side.
It has been one of the most popular key words on the Korean internet.
Image taken from Wikipedia under a fair use license.
But this will not happen.
Is it a city or country?
The only censorship that we promote, which actually does not exist yet in Lebanon, is on content for children.
Brought to you courtesy of Youtube.
The stage is all set.
In fact, on Friday and Saturday the only thing I did was talk.
The point is to understand who we really are.
It is just an ad.
But to be honest, I do worry about his personal safety.
By all accounts, they are certainly not.
You can find the first part here.
The clean city that Hong Kong people have been so proud of has fallen.
That girl last night, what was her name??
No one is insulting your institute and good that you and many others are safe as you claim.
Again, she was faced with similar reactions.
Some bloggers wrote about the effect of this conflict on their personal lives and attitudes.
I even have pictures of it.
Two Pakistani players have put their marriage plans on hold due to the cricket season.
It is left for us to take it.
We do not know who is who in the army today.
I also heard that the proposed candidate was not elected.
Users also filed complaints to Facebook about the block.
I think he lost, but he is using the constitution well to his advantage.
However, he attracted more negative votes than positive votes.
There was only enough credit for one call.
Just to avoid buying presents?
You can see a collection of photos here.
Sorry baby, but I had to say it.
To which point in history do they want us to return?
Even mobile forces must be found and destroyed.
so anyone could have posted that comment..
That they do not measure themselves by their body, but measure themselves by their culture.
But the terrorist have lost.
The person missing has little to do with politics.
From the comments you can tell how great these guys are.
At that time, the state judge responsible for the ruling wrote in his sentence
Everything is done absolutely openly.
That could be changing, however.
freedom of expression and freedom of assembly.
I thought that my project was finished
It is republished here with permission.
As an artist here I can work freely on any social or political subject.
View from Iran, an American blogger, writes
What was the planning like for that first episode?
I was trying to check weather the bomb was inside the mosque or not.
Photo from the widely shared Facebook post of the minister.
And the South African military
Life in Nigeria is hard as it is.
Will there ever be peace in the Middle East?
Few bloggers last this long.
He exposed you to us and to the world to see what you really are.
There is no charge and no state aid.
He was caught in a machine.
So when the power comes for an hour or two the whole family is busy.
With a tool like Google Earth, one can even pay him a visit.
the week can change quickly in Palestine.
They have announced plans to conduct internal investigations on the matter.
He also reports from the Arabic and Western media.
Their living standard would have been better.
They even read the foreign media and foreign blogs.
but Nigerians have taken it too far.
They then asked me where I was from.
such incidents will happen again and again because of their age.
They also threatened me to hurt my brother.
She posts photos as well.
The fuel shortage is back to a crisis level.
They built and maintain the institutions within which racism is alive and well.
How come there is no public opinion research concerning this question.
Here is a copy of the drawing.
All I want to remind you is that
But how do you know who those people are?
She was driving the vehicle herself.
Read these and you will see.
His job is to wave a red flag when the train comes.
Which shows how bad the image of the government has become
A dangerous country for tourists?
He quotes from the piece
You did not let us down.
Ali found an opportunity and started to escape.
there was too much pain in them for me.
Like his joke about ISIS.
A young man from their village had died in Qatar.
They can be viewed online.
And, quite possibly, by the law enforcement people.
But what about in Australia?
The fact that my blog has more foreign readers, I think it is due to two specific situations.
If they do come, they are corrupt.
The first thing you notice is...
What motivated you to do it?
Here are some Twitter reactions
Rice is the major food source in China.
The same goes for children.
Please help campaign for his release.
During this crisis, many have been affected.
They got what they demanded, but with the right to only speak it once a year.
Read the whole post here.
You have had an unusual career path.
My whole family lives there.
By listening to their words, we hear many of the reasons why they arrived at film
If the government follows the will of the people, then they will change it.
Malaysian politicians have become bloggers.
Most of the time I would accept his opinion and follow his advice.
I think that is changing.
Images and videos of the protests were also being shared on Twitter
Facebook, Politics and Journalism  Global Voices Politics, Facebook and journalism.
He also rules the Church
So far, only one thing is for sure
There is no shame in any kind of work.
Actually, this is not the first time that my site has been banned.
Others doubt that this could happen.
When he heard steps nearby, he started calling for help.
Is he really a dictator?
It is a warning to others to not step out of line.
The story starts from here.
Little has been written about or by Alexander or Kim.
Our blog is also blocked in the country.
She had reason indeed to wonder how the letter had managed to find her.
All that did not really get to me.
I suspect that the following factors are at play
Her next tweet is from the hospital.
She brings up some questions
The real reason why this happens is because the regime knows they can get away with it.
Searching for material has been very difficult.
And this is just the beginning.
Civil rights were suspended and military authority was imposed all over the country.
Though our place and year of birth were different.
Record your video like these fine...
Our girls are telling their friends in their class, and they are also interested.
Strange, but it is something that is happening.
He orders us to get dressed again.
The silence of an explosion.
get my friends at home to tell me what is happening and then write about it.
most new immigrants from China were turned away.
On the other hand, they do not trust anyone, and they have a good reason.
SO WHAT WILL BE THE GAIN?
India Voting and Engage Voter also have content rich websites with some interesting features.
This week, a creative boycott began in Ukraine that is drawing the attention of Russian Internet users.
What we know of Iranian society and government point to the second outcome.
writes that the opposition had lost
And one could say it is a tribute to work well done.
He had moved to Dhaka for studies two months ago.
They launched many online campaigns which were supported by political bodies.
Leave them to God or just leave them
This flag does not represent the country at all.
When I arrived at the area near the housing, two workers were waiting.
We are doing our part to change the world.
This will not be the first time social media played a part in Nigerian elections.
They will leave no more, and they can leave no more.
Help, such as food, has not arrived from institutions, we need your help.
Have you joined the work force of a private sector company that promised you a huge salary?
Time goes by really fast and Ramadan has come and will soon go.
Global Voices Online reported on the issue here.
The reasons given are the following
Our administration always takes the easy way out.
Not until when I came to Japan did I realize that all of Cambodia is a truly different world.
Coverage is also extensive because of the large number of bloggers.
The study is published here.
each website provides important information for those who want to explore what that specific department has to offer.
It has been shut down.
There was another anniversary this week.
Criticizing the Public Offices Election Act, he continues to voice his opinion on Twitter.
Unfortunate situation for the guy, but an interesting legal question.
This is great for Singapore.
Global Voices Times are changing.
People are afraid to speak out, or to take part in debates, or to carry out campaign activities.
He posts some photos from the trade fair.
One of these posts, Israel
The government can do what it pretty much wants to do.
My advice to tourists remains the same.
Without a future, without hope, without a dream?
I want to make a few points.
But do we need to really worry so much ??
Everyone and I mean everyone is a target.
Thank you very much for this opportunity.
That is what we actually need.
Many could not even bring themselves to believe that this incident actually took place.
Even mainstream journalists reported this issue.
The author hopes for better relations between the two neighbors in the Southeast Asian region Armenia
Led by the blogging brothers of Iraq
You can even have a private chat with him.
This is a video taken by one of the participants
My audience should be people from all the world, sharing experiences and showing my country.
But what of the reactions on the web?
The new modern way, can reach thousands of people at once, making it less personal for everybody.
The real scene is totally different than what the media shows.
He is from your country.
They actually wanted to cut him...
Commenting on a BBC news which states otherwise, he argues
Another student describes the scene in his blog
I spoke to a senior government official.
Here is a short summary of some of those answers.
This means the regime knows who i am and where I live.
What exactly did she know and when?
No one thinks about them.
Today it does not pay to be a Good Arab, today it pays to be a Dead Arab.
Global Voices Will the state of emergency be declared in Nigeria?
How does the author view the attack in light of the larger situation in Israel and Palestine?
Friday Global Blog Roundup  Global Voices South Asia United We Blog
They died from eating too much
Where will the working style of the web era end up?
It is an important source of alternative news in Thailand.
Sometimes, there is even a market for people
What do new young voters think?
Their Facebook page reads as follows
This is a difficult path.
The cause of these farmers is also the cause of everyone in the nation.
But as no one did, here we go.
Who is to be blamed for the escape of a terrorist?
The text of the petition read
One can never change your origin by birth.
I cannot stay without speaking out when I see and hear that my country and people are suffering.
Why take the negative part??
Do you know of him?
And in a silence close to being blind to the crime, everyone shut up.
The game did not end there.
Why are they shocked that the church rejected the court ruling?
A man could make a mark there.
We have been totally peaceful and even silent in our daily protest.
Match officials then had to call off the game.
Fighting for sexual diversity Uganda
Many others were injured as they left a church after the Christmas mass.
Some of the images are below.
Chat is a Dirty Word in Iran?
The post went on to give regular weather reports.
did no one feel like this was wrong?...
His case has received media attention around the world, especially in his native Australia.
You might be wondering what this is all about.
She writes about living with the pain
More and more food security issues were exposed in recent weeks.
he did not let her choose her own food.
You are a boy with no manner
He also has accused NGOs of having links to organized crime groups.
Has the global financial crisis affected Kyrgyzstan?
It seems there is no way that kids can find any fun there.
something that she was forced to do.
What type of content do you accept?
It was a vote of trust.
This year, a few more people have been added to our team
This is the right thing to do.
Online, Twitter users commented on the tragedy.
It is not the role of the police to kill people.
Will anyone create a facebook group for him?
How do you photograph Cuba from the inside?
What Comes After Universal Primary Education?
If President Putin wanted to reduce the hatred on Twitter, it would take him five minutes.
I look out the window again and remember the photos of the Green Revolution in Iran.
This looks bad on an INTERNATIONAL scale.
The Rescue of experiences of civil society to learn, spread, and increase results.
Kind of thing an election should decide surely?
Me, my family is very unfortunate...
I thought I might just highlight the project with a short summary and a link to their website.
Russian journalists have been writing about them for almost two years.
And here is the interesting bit
Thinking about how one will die is thinking about how one will live.
However, for it to grow, I believe it must become more organized and perhaps...
State media has a duty to respond to the multiple needs of the people.
As far as I remember these were the crimes of the people in my cell
Does the US really care for Africa this much?
It actually could make a difference.
Of course, social media is the main part.
Where do we want to go?
Many are asking me now why we had to do this show.
the revolution and losing much, maybe even their lives.
The issue of our environment and development is a live one
Who allowed it to be issued?
Women are not encouraged to exercise.
The message is getting around in the end.
The loss of dignity seems a first and dangerous step.
Minutes later, they are joined by three more municipal officers, who again ask the journalists to leave.
Do you see new media as a useful tool?
And he wonders if this is all we need to solve problems of communication in he developing world.
Reading Newspaper While Driving a Bus  Global Voices Cuba
Is Georgian opposition willing to listen to youth?
A claim that neither the Constitutional Court or the citizens agree with.
During that time he witnessed first hand both the power of soccer and the tragedy of HIV.
We are also supporting law enforcement authorities as they investigate the facts surrounding this sad incident.
An interesting debate followed in the comments section of the post.
That is at least what I think.
She went out three times.
Crime Watch continues in court today.
Have a great independence Jamaicans both home and abroad
Mubarak is saying he will wait the protesters out ...
Their demands require attention and solutions.
If Argentina turns out to win the World Cup
and where can you catch the show?
Because there is a word missing in the history of the Armenian genocide
The Puerto Rican independence movement and the movement in support of the political prisoners movement are two different things.
as a result, the government declared a state of emergency.
These tweets were typical of the initial responses
We looked at the process that each of us goes through to write our posts.
Friends, being a Member of Parliament in Uganda is good business.
The idea is to keep on.
One of several comments left by visitors to the blog read as follows
It is great to see how technology is being used more and more by important figures.
We will just resolve this, the five of us together.
I am not sure what you can imagine.
I feel the deadly, intense terror, and it leaves me weak and tired.
Both are GV Chinese Project Team members Kuwait
All this allows the government to contain the opposition.
It is the ability to live in silence, and barely live.
A police officer was killed in the clashes and dozens of protesters have been injured.
Why did they choose the airport?
They also have one fine website.
Governments have also been using Twitter for quite some time.
What is the attitude of traditional media toward those sites?
He received an update from one of his readers
Education gives people a voice in their communities.
Now that I think about it
You can have your oil. ...
There is a severe fuel shortage right now, and it has been going on since early June.
It is unclear who is behind the new accounts.
The only experts in such things are the people who participate directly.
That is, he was his own deputy.
and here among us the Christians of Lebanon we call God
to two kinds of tradition
He was prepared for it and wanted to make the most of every single moment of his life.
People are gathering in large numbers raising their voices for the highest punishment for the war criminals.
These governments justify their decisions on security and economic grounds.
Do you have plans to expand Black Looks or start other blogs?
One last show which he called
Today, many women fears meeting the wrong person on the street.
I wonder how the victim feels about it.
Is the Portuguese government buying this story?
More of the issue here.
I believed that for many years.
and Gay Middle East asks
He posted this tweet before he left Malaysia
And here are the event details
They explained it all in this blog post.
Check more ideas for celebrating Software Freedom Day, and a few more here.
And it is that Pakistan which is under attack.
appeared on many Burmese blogs.
As a matter of fact, this happened every four or five months.
Most of them, however, never responded.
There has been a fair amount of discussion about the issue on Facebook
I do not know this man from before.
She hopes for a change from past practice
The group spent its first six months promoting itself with very little money
not the government of Kazakhstan.
When you decided that you wanted to harm an innocent person.
where I was born, who did I live with, where I study.
But I was too late.
We have to attend a rally to support our music teacher.
I wrote about it repeatedly.
Education is most important to the country.
So, they take her life.
Bloggers and citizen journalists have been keeping the world posted on events within Addis and their larger importance.
especially if is in America
I recently interviewed her via email about her experiences with her blog and other online media.
Does he really have to go through military service again?
Whose Opinions In Opinion Polls?
It is our freedom tax.
Protests in Iran continue against this new wave of repression.
The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened.
Have not closely followed the latest papers, will need time to read the new papers on this.
Any terrorist act is an operation carried out by special services.
Education is an area with much need of intervention on the continent, especially rural Africa.
This photograph of a Syrian mother struggling at sea has been making the rounds online.
The translation in Spanish was done by the National Recording Center
I asked her about the kids.
And now people are sick.
Every time I research about these women, I become more inspired
Then the blog is translated in English.
I started the Daily Photo blog early this year.
The course discussed the relationship between science and religion in our modern world.
Just the day before, the outlet wrote
will China teach Africa how to fish?
Through relationships with other companies and media houses, we want to provide relevant content to African readers.
Our relationship was very special.
It was a regular working day.
Here are some of her photographs
Photograph by the author, published with permission.
It was followed up by this post.
How could we not rally behind the cause of the Green Movement?
That is their thing, they know how to survive.
I hope you can show it in schools somehow
I pray he is safe.
Once again, thank you all.
One thing, he thought, nobody knows about it yet.
the ones who can, will pay for it.
But you can never be that.
In general, I think this issue by politicians.
where is Fiji now, and how may we help it to move towards a better future?
It is easy to do it.
It is pretty clearly planned, does that make it a space of resistance?
As they said, they came not even to protest, but rather to fight the fear inside them.
Is there a peaceful way out?
His parents came to the US from Mexico before he was born.
Does she still write letters and send them by post?
and as a whole this is what makes that countries such as Canada have very high standards of living.
This new criminal group gave the people in the town a choice
Suddenly his voice grew hard.
It was then that Bahrain Online became my friend abroad.
Now let not just the Americans know it, but let Obama know what the Americans know.
Well, we all witnessed what happened today.
He also has the same piece in English, on his English blog.
Malaysian officials responded by blocking the entire website.
Do you write your own blog?
We look forward to publishing them and continuing the conversation.
May be, may not be.
There were many challenges, as you can imagine.
Each of us does something, either to live better or to rest alive.
Flooding in the Philippines and Vietnam has added to the growing crisis.
He also observed some changes caused by more residents and increased tourism on the island.
Why is Africa associated with bad things like this.
you have direct access to so many journalists and other public figures in one forum.
Then they try to find out who organized all this.
Students post a sound file, local image, and other information they have collected.
Now a woman is taking the place where only the men have sat in the past.
On Twitter, the reactions were more mixed
See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil.
Pictures of Earth Hour in the Middle East and around the world can be viewed on flickr, here, Bangladesh
Lucky the entire country has been quick to answer to the relief call.
But if we respond, how should we respond?
In less than a year, the London Olympic Games start.
Photo courtesy the centre, used with permission.
I found recently a very small article in the New York Times
The Pope recently said he was sorry but some protests go on.
The bill was proposed to parliament in September and currently the Liberal party are opposing this bill...
Another example, on a more positive note
Does your blog have a theme or does it focus on a particular issue?
They are very interesting and, above all, an opportunity for someone with something to communicate.
But the truth is they are all gone.
the more you think about them, the worse you will feel.
I was with some of the people, but I was no longer a part of the crowd.
Internet will become much more influential and the role of public opinion generated online will increase.
We should not be afraid of being used by other people if we want to survive in the world.
My first translation was about Gaza.
We have gone through everything together.
For us, language is our identity.
Share information, and join the future activities for protection of personal data.
The value of blogs rather lies in giving an opportunity to access information that is not controlled by authorities.
My faith has not changed, although it has been questioned at times.
The day has just started and may not be incident free.
They just stayed away, rather than making the arguments that need to be made against Ahmadinejad and his followers.
I think I still remember how to get to it.
Who believes that these people were not in detention?
Facebook has arrived to this level among Hungarian users.
You end up questioning yourself.
On the aftermath of the match, the blogger adds
South and North should go their separate ways.
Global Voices is a global, virtual organization, supported by the paid and volunteer efforts of people on every continent.
International headlines like this could not have come at a worse time.
Actually, all this was showing through.
I am quite sure that they have experienced Chinese corruption through the stock market.
They would not stop to think for a second.
Abu Ali has an answer
A more relevant question emerged in the form of picture tweeted several times
They say awareness campaigns were a powerful factor.
I know that Chinese bloggers can not access Taiwanese blogs...
They learn to dress up.
probably they were busy with things more important than her
She introduces us the issue
If the regulations are adopted after the comment period, they will then need to be implemented.
Twitter, for example, is rich with posts concerning their recent operations such as
Science has to be a field prepared to include all.
I want to help and serve refugees.
The content is all about what to eat and where to go.
I cannot even believe I have to write this.
You see people trying to share the stories of their lives.
Truth About Iraqis asks a question
And no one gets to touch the art.
Maybe I am in the minority but I take the opposite view.
Clearly, things are far from over.
You can access it here.
They are demanding the removal of the Prime Minister.
The man asked me more questions, many to be honest.
He never responded to the letter.
What is the right thing to do?
In this new episode of GV Face we try to highlight the individuals behind the numbers, problems and policies.
On Twitter, three primary hashtags become the virtual wall for gathering public opinion
Tears have no identity, no religion.
Why join the twitter conversation?
I wish I could see outside.
Even new cities in Georgia are planned around cars.
The Person You Have Called Cannot Be Reached At The Moment.
Apart from anger, I have complex feelings
It is difficult to find out if it is true or not.
the idea of taking justice into your own hands.
Usually opposition and editors get arrested.
I was thinking of change and hoping that things will be different.
I think power lies in truth
During the election campaign everything seems to be easy.
Well, we discussed the project, right?
But what happened to the human rights organizations?
Just to give some examples
The industry will never stop.
Shut up you work in a ministry.
There are different situations and different stories.
UK wants to use social networks for information war.
As the saying goes, people get the government they deserve.
Creating a group using your mobile phone has never been easier.
The cause of the explosion is yet to be confirmed by those in the know.
How many people at home?
We try to see him in a positive light to cover up what he actually did.
and it was meant to.
Nor did the next one.
Some advice from an Arab son.
Fan is also a Communist Party member.
The account was accessible from the South Korean side only for few days.
There are several aspects to consider
Check the crime rate back home
I read a lot of negative comments on this document, with which I fully agree.
These stories are not unusual for Palestinians.
Only a stupid person cannot see this.
how did this country get to this stage?
Now the two are in a test of strength.
Now the whole event has also attracted attention from mainstream media, the public, and politicians.
Closer to the city center.
So while the blogosphere may have been quiet, a lot of action is on and the world is talking.
I am far from celebrating.
In a series of tweets, he writes
There the article has also attracted a significant number of comments.
In this world, oil prices are not a problem no matter how high they get.
How many pages has the Mexican government taken down?
Why did the Government do this?
Those who can understand Russian and Tajik should go read a post with more than a hundred of comments.
We have recently published articles which, for one reason or another, have not been published by the press.
There was no evidence that anything was different than it had been.
That is not the issue at this stage.
Everyone likes being pretty, mind your own business and save your mean comments.
to show what we are capable of talking about.
It mentions the wrong decision to land in conditions that were not safe enough to approach the airport.
Indian Muslims writes that the car could have an interesting impact on rural India.
An image from the most read post of the year.
The government says the country may not even need food aid within five years.
Our campaign has come a long way.
Imagine a situation where someone wanted something but refused to tell you what it is they want.
What do you do with your old equipment?
If you have updates please add in the comments section.
Are US Presidential Candidates for Real?
How stupid to give his position away.
We will be forced to keep them out.
We have potential, and I believe everyone must set to work for the future of Africa.
Neither of these is a simple task, as in many countries there are powerful forces working against their success.
We will continue to press on these issues until we see these changes first hand.
Four in the back seat.
But the desire to figure it out and gather the facts remains.
Journalists and security experts have already raised the potential of this code to link anonymous websites to particular users.
This war cannot be won by police.
However, blocking them is wrong and nobody has the right to do so.
Several major news attracted media attention to Kazakhstan recently
No guarantee was offered on the supposed significant economic benefits of this investment project.
Everyone else, share your thoughts, if any.
Actually, Putin is simply a man.
there are just a few basic rules
come here no more . And they were right.
Mr president, we all love our country more than you are telling us in your letter to.
You need to have a photo and you need to give context.
As a result, there are many more people living off fishing, and resources are no longer enough...
Why Do So Few Blog?
What has happened to us?
Of the various sectors in Bangladesh that are affected by corruption, the Land Management System is among the worst.
For some reason, he was standing aside at first.
Truly, joy can not describe what I felt at that moment.
How do you think this reputation developed?
Today should have been a day of joy as people celebrated the start of the traditional Thai new year.
During my studies abroad many people asked me a lot of questions about Russia.
You have also used podcast technology.
something needs to be done immediately for the safety of our children.
Israel remains a sensitive topic.
First, they rarely own the lands.
How Much Does Getting Married In China Cost?
Right this very minute, Creative Commons Mexico is launching in Mexico City.
They also have a very active Facebook page.
You discover you are not alone in this situation.
May God help us all.
Several state agencies can contribute to the banned websites list as well
I want to play live.
Her parents wanted a boy this time the first two are girls.
Gay Armenia posts statistics and commentary on the situation in Armenia.
You can read other interesting stories on his personal blog or in his Twitter account.
It was obvious that they were tied up and tortured before they were killed.
One blogger alleged that the reporter could have done the damage himself to create a story
Surely media industry regulation would be a better move than this kind of ban.
Employees are encouraged to take the test, although it is not required.
We are citizens of the new era.
And what about his intervention?
But being in Iraq has its own problems
This is what they mention on their own website
What are elected officials doing about this?
and I tell you that anyone who sees these images and says it has to be like that....
The authorities are happy with the people like this.
Why parents are left face to face with such trouble, on their own?
We just have to go along with the flow and help them along the way.
Ask them to have respect.
She never saw her husband again.
He would not simply be fired for that, he would go to jail for that.
Both supporters and opponents of the idea to accept refugees from the Middle East are missing an important detail.
The conference came at a period when blogging is increasingly becoming popular in the country.
At the end, she puts things in perspective
However, the campaigns were not very effective.
Now this is just a part of the online culture.
Respect the rule of law.
but adds rather quickly that
A choice of official language for a nation can also reveal much more than just communication.
Some media sources also report that Russia is alleged to have struck targets in Georgia proper.
The breaking story at the beginning
We study in the university to improve our lives and society.
It is the freedom I enjoy and the street is freedom.
There were some reactions on Twitter as well
Do check his photo essay here and drop him a line.
Political party only has more than a century of history in China.
That is the least of my concerns.
While both governments are struggling to improve relations, some success has been seen among civil society.
But we need people to actively fight against it.
But instead of the school learning from my experience, I learned from them.
Reading the news this morning, I learned a new Arabic word.
He would write off himself alone
So I would say false, sorry for the long answer
This story is not unique.
As he saw it, he was a soldier and as such fought well and hard.
There are too many kids out there who need our help and we can make a difference.
I believe that every city has good things to offer.
My heart is filled with pain.
Just made sure my family is safe.
discussing and sharing information about the show with their readers.
A page has also been created in Turkish.
In the UK we say
Bloggers have divided opinions, some in favor, some against it.
What were the major challenges while making the film?
she was worried her daughter might actually watch her mother being beaten up
He and his family is now facing severe food shortage.
Read on to find out.
If he knew the youth was wounded, he would have brought him to hospital.
A report from Refugees International
Image posted on his Facebook page.
Her older sister, brothers, and father all work in Russia.
It also has a forum to help citizens, establish a dialogue with their local representatives and follow up.
Indeed, the celebrations in Uzbekistan this year were no different from the past years.
That day there was a big celebration at home.
Or are these cases politically motivated?
he brutal incidents cost an enormous loss to humanity indeed.
Actually, it was the single best digital activism learning experience of my life
What the next move will be only time, of course, will tell.
What are we supposed to do about this?
A journalist is no use without an audience.
For this reason if they cross over to Bangladesh, they will never be welcomed in Myanmar again.
He then called on fellow students
Only domestic sites open fast.
In Iran, summer means at least one more thing
No matter how many times I return.
People are selling things at the market, go shopping, get married, have children.
Women must be encouraged to join.
Do blogs and digital media influence traditional media who are the ones that usually manage public opinion?
On Al Jazeera Documentary  Global Voices Puerto Rico
Just go NOW, march NOW
They appeal to international organisations involved in humanitarian work to
There is much talk about Mexico being a violent country.
I doubt whether they are working on the cases at all.
The group then walked to the Ministry of Culture building and the seat of the government.
He would never let her harm herself again.
There is a blog that is devoted to the writers and literature called
According to the minister, it would make it easier for the government to communicate with citizens.
The war in Iraq and the crisis have started under Bush.
The elections were held and the results are out and can be found on any news site.
According to him, good news for drivers but bad news for passengers.
Almost everyone who wrote about it went out of their way to condemn the practice.
Proud of her and proud to be Jamaican.
The Apparent Project Blog writes
To make formal educational information more accessible to youth.
It is the best mine in the world.
We spoke to the governor, to the minister...
Blogs fail to provide independent investigation although sometimes they try.
We were children born into the early years of the Independence era in the region.
Whether he lives or not is not the point, he is the face of the State.
In many ways, the future is already here in Africa.
Some of those people even end up becoming President.
if you are worried about getting arrested in China for something that your company has done, you should leave.
started the process of running Greece into debt ...
Whenever I wrote something they would say
It is said Iranian state is increasing security forces in universities.
What do you plan to do with all this experience and education?
On the one hand, of course I understand her.
Why does Russia have to feed us?
are having a positive impact?
One is that he has forgotten.
NO talk of civil movements and other democracy.
This is a bad idea.
It was already a done deal.
Even the comments in discussions call for destruction of LGBT.
Does it feel good to spread such false rumors?
What did people know about him before?
I DESERVE RESPECT TOO because I am a human being just like them.
and how shall they believe in him whom they have not heard?
There are at least three reasons for that
I sometimes tell that their citizen has some mental problem and they have no money left.
They seemed to be at the White House half the time.
May She Rest in Peace.
Women and children must be protected from violence.
Some users criticized the speech
My salary is low but I am happy.
Politicians have argued that the law is necessary to promote national unity.
He thinks the museum will create a positive effect on the society.
This picture triggered a heated debate
All these other countries hate us.
It turns out that the issue is close to many bloggers
We can only have a civil partnership agreement with citizens of EU countries.
He ends with a warning about stability.
I would choose SLOW Internet over NONE AT ALL any day.
In my own blog I wrote
For all of those who were on the streets on Wednesday, it was a very long and violent day.
I have a lot of wishes.
She describes what she saw
Everybody gives orders here, everybody gives orders.
We were walking together, taking pictures together.
Support the electoral process and accept the result for a way forward.
And English, too, is on the rise, taught in every public school across the country.
is one of the first things the new President should turn his attention to.
By accident, as most of the people do.
Whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine.
Recent events in Mexico have highlighted the problem of serious human rights violations against indigenous groups.
I know where the car is.
The line went around the block.
They are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning.
Red Cross Kenya is asking for donations
Again, a closer look suggests otherwise.
the rallies, protest actions and so on.
Further, I would hope that we could pay attention to little things.
Let them do what they please.
Who gained what in this entire episode?
Still Considering Bid on Nuclear Plant from Japan?
The update in this post will be stopped.
And then put her on the train back home.
Have you been a part of a Twitter storm before?
Higher costs of distribution generally.
I stayed with a friend for a while but we had an argument and so I had to leave.
See Foreign NGOs Management Law Second Draft whole text with notes
How does it feel to know what you want to do until you die?
Last year the topics were the same for everyone.
People need to keep the pressure on.
Journalists were removed from the site.
Mexican girls who stand up for themselves from street harassment.
They also expect it to provide an opportunity for voters to quickly report election violations to independent observers.
Never forget that the person reading your message is a human being whose feelings can be hurt.
Either way, it is a sad story.
I had no answer, until now.
The cartoon has created intense discussion among Iranian bloggers, especially those living in North America.
She claims that most young teachers leave their jobs after four years, seeking better employment conditions.
How did you first hear about Global Voices?
It needs to be public.
The death penalty is banned in the EU.
Soon, the rest of the residents left, too.
Today, he does not seem to appreciate that the situation in Zimbabwe is worth of a crisis.
In the end, he said
In the process of the criminal investigation, it was the same.
Will they be arrested for hate speech and racism attacks?
The civilians of Gaza are victims of both Hamas and Israel.
In reality, that is the case.
Where were the campaigns and movements?
This is how a civil war starts.
If he is released that will be the greatest joy.
Now, this is our call
Since, I moved to the United States for study I have found many topics which are hard to cover.
Many other projects can be mentioned here.
I decided to ask the police the reason for this and the response was
Likely to leave office without a bloody revolution to force his hand.
They even pay me six dollars a month.
He strongly believed in global cooperation and worked hard toward this goal.
What laws protect your information along the way?
It was also the first modern, Native woman story produced in the United States.
Being Gay and HIV Positive  Global Voices Being gay and HIV positive in Uganda
There is no signed contract with the Department of Labour.
How does Facebook collect this data?
And is it possible we could even turn back on the progress made regarding the rights of women?
But the truth is, I have nothing but love for the people of South Sudan.
The unfortunate thing is that people continue to drink during working hours, in the offices.
Born in Pakistan, Ali arrived in New York City to live freely as a gay man.
the life line of Jordanian girls.
She is watching the news on TV and I am waiting for the latest developments.
Even if we do not have a president, I do not feel the difference.
As a mother she just hope her child get the best future.
The story does not end there.
Harassment was lower and communities were closer.
This is a collection of blogs which are promoting opinions about sexual diversity
How can they be charged with a country?
They saw that with the latter call they could gather more people.
Speaking for the Rich and Working for the Poor?
The system is designed to work that way
The Kuwait elections brought me a lot of joy, for many reasons.
From Facebook page of the campaign.
A Free Writer seeks online donations to teach internet skills to high school students.
Learned that from the best in the business
What is the Language of Peace?
But the public authorities cannot say what he can or cannot speak in church.
I was playing a game outside with the other kids in the neighborhood.
The blogger considers the photo not very Islamic one.
I cannot write any more about her yet.
A dying person becomes an entertainment.
Mostly Spanish, sometimes I post in English or share some things in French.
I wanted to make something different, particularly, to connect tourists with locals.
She can now plan for the future.
Will you join up with us?
The situation in the area is said to be critical.
See photos from the trial here.
So far only one proposal has got that far
this is supposed to be the disaster management center.
It should be clear that there are groups working inside the country to create trouble.
What to take from all this?
But before setting off for foreign lands, the Chinese are interested in their own country first.
Ordinary netizens also have been subjected to increased surveillance.
The newspaper stood by its story and the reporter who interviewed the minister.
But the violent content is not only distributed by the gang members or supporters
And it has been hard for us, his family.
Earthquake make us forget our problems at least for a second.
protests in major West Bank cities.
One reader states in the comment section
We are getting rather tired of all these situations.
I am sad to read that.
Bloggers from both sides tried to present their own point of view.
There were a lot of people on the street.
My concern is that will leaders of and powerful nations be tried for mass crimes against humanity.
I wonder, where am I from all this?
The more blood the more relief. ...
He also exposed the corrupt activities of prison authorities.
Some completely abandoned the blog.
They decided they are going to eat in public
Interested organisation and individuals can become members of the coalition through their website.
It is unclear who did it and why.
Increased cases of violence are being reported each year in Pakistan.
We presented a document to Parliament.
As a Liberal Party member he has often been out of step with the leadership.
Global Voices interviewed them about their experience of working on the short.
Many voters did not make it on the electoral list, due to many reasons.
We are good at creating the appearance of success.
Bloggers spread the word through the internet.
They were sure it was all a lie.
Apart from the film title, its content had not been edited, as pointed out by the China Digital Times.
Jorge himself put it best
Fiji journalists must be finding it hard to discover what good news there is to report on the army?
Nearly half the children still receive no education.
I want content and I want to know who is behind it.
Parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home.
When will action be taken to solve this issue, seriously?
It should not be allowed.
Or from the place where I grew up, lived, where I learned to be what I am?
Were there any concerns about the safety and immediate threats to you?
The day ended with a toll of three deaths and dozens of people injured and arrested.
Peter has already done the first translation in Dutch.
But this time the consequences were even more tragic.
When I started, really, it was not at all common.
Promoting the universal value of human rights.
Critical citizen media websites have been blocked in Zambia as well.
How do you feel about the work of the other two artists in the exhibition?
So it has a political effect, not a legal effect.
Also, the government did not want the world to see what was happening in Sudan.
The article also mentions another point in the agreement that appears difficult to implement.
But there are two other historical events remembered on this day.
Another journalist working for the government paper and a university student will start blogging very soon.
We are not there yet.
But one day, a single incident at school really affected her
This can carry a death penalty in Iran.
These statistics only tell part of the story, however.
Where Do We Go From Here?
But this raises the question
This is not good news for the Barbados authorities, North America is a top three tourist market for Barbados.
But have you thought about your children who want democracy?
Polls will be in the water office.
did anyone understand from this response why they got a contract without a competition?
none, but will have soon.
In the end, communication between children and parents becomes crucial.
Islam focuses on the distribution of wealth not just the production.
Bloggers were surprised by this action for two reasons
So, I decided to do what I felt was right for her.
A great campaign by the Ministry of Religious Affairs
We can make a difference.
And when they came, I believed it would be the first step.
I have heard nothing about it.
To the victim, she added
More democratic values are realized through these kinds of public participation activities.
This has never happened before in the Korean movie history.
I think these problems just need to be faced.
And how do I allow others to do the same?
Here is what we can do to contribute to the effort of protecting this heritage
We are all proud of her...
Brazil is my country now and I want to stay here and build a new life...
But important initiatives are currently being set up in Cameroon.
You are not saying anything detailed.
What a great message to be given at this time
The next day, the US press had one possible explanation
Here the choice of slogans is a bit more interesting
For now, the story looks set to continue.
it can be done, and we will do it.
They had some three kilometers to walk.
Pakistan condemned the attack as well.
I have never in my WHOLE ENTIRE life seen anything as bad as the driving in Kuwait
And so, we are without an Opposition.
Your opportunity to make money has come
But those are cheap propaganda.
What time do the polling stations close?
Will they wait for more damage?
And not the drug leaders on the streets, the ones in the offices.
I fear for my children.
But at the present stage of historical development, this threat is far from being the main one.
That is not even the problem.
The only one question is a question which of three events will appear first.
We all feel your pain.
Below are some of the posts that used the hashtag
the influence of Russia is growing stronger.
We both bring a lot to the table.
She heads the Defense of Human Rights Pakistan, an organization that represents the missing people in Pakistan.
Photographs of one of the victims posted by his friend on Facebook where we can read
I grew up around artists, so I like journalism and broadcasting.
Below is a selection of them.
One is from the America that has always been there
And of course, he answers questions about the other characters on the show.
A number of bloggers from around the world had something to say about the incident as well
We need more police on the roads.
Yet the signs have been there for a long time.
What do I need the copy of the website for?
Is this the leader we care about?
Could this have been his personal nature?
The Middle East needs the birth of a really peaceful policy for everyone to live in peace.
Not just the first car but a lot of our history...
A minimum effort without violence.
they will start protesting against them.
In which security force are we to trust if the Police are the same ones who kill us?
Some bloggers are totally against the system, others are in favor
Was this, in a way, a goal you set for yourself when you started?
First you adopted Western thoughts, and now you act like them.
A young human rights activist tweeted
she could be sure of that.
Your Male Sources Hit on You.
The state has a moral commitment to those people for having brought them here.
As of today, those responsible have not been found and justice has not been served.
The members involved have been replaced.
Other blogs where this topic was also discussed
here are some of them
That someone had to actually make this statement makes me sad beyond description.
Net users have tweeted comments on why religious groups are taking action.
You can follow the newspaper on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
but one thing is for sure, the winner is already seen.
Why did you create this series?
To the financial institutions of the world, we have only one thing to say
To get us started, tell us about yourself.
What role exactly did their blogs play in their campaigns?
With experience and speed we will build a great Peru for our children.
Generally what happens is that the teams want to launch their application.
The legacy of immigration to the US lives on
The story got picked up by a number of local media outlets.
Earlier people had to join a political party to participate in social or political life.
The example that I always use is this
Not that one would guess so by looking around.
Translate a piece of software that you would like to use yourself.
A set of photos of the day can be seen here.
The investigation and the decision are illegal.
I know that she will make us proud.
And here I am, at last, with school years behind me.
Still, the growth is not equally felt throughout the continent.
He still had three miles to go.
What will I do if I stay at home?
Have I given as much as I received?
It it clear to them and to Hamas.
It has long been required reading in Japanese schools.
It is a step forward.
This institution is an insult to intelligence ...
A couple of points worth noting here.
If I have to be imprisoned, then I will remain in a Chinese prison.
Fourth, a move is made
She returned this morning to Addis, and has a moving post about the aftermath of the violence
But the broader problem of child abuse in Turkey is becoming much more difficult to hide.
Writers may be good or writers may be bad.
few have actually been directly at war with other nations.
This bill is still in effect today.
There is no transportation, and whatever transportation is available is too dangerous to ride.
The first is increasing participation.
Having heard the country was rather peaceful, he asked for an explanation.
But that is to miss out on a great deal.
This author, via his personal blog, says
the rapidly increasing urban population, number of car owners, poor city planning because of corruption.
I tend to think that the Kremlin is visible behind all of this.
The teacher thought it was so successful that she asks
Look at this and think
It was simply Poor John.
She sold sex for three years, ten days.
Also cry for this enormous loss.
The Bank will be run by five members
Watch and share this video.
Please support your friends in Myanmar.
This article also appears on Voices without Votes.
However, I like to create content in Spanish before it is translated.
But it was not the case.
There are many reasons for leaving the country.
Two days ago, I heard the phrase
Also, what station is running it?
I is de leader, I will spend their money how I want.
She can even be brave enough to protest or cry during the attack.
They may be more or less effective.
He is also clearly too concerned with what other people do with their time, and their hands.
Major universities in South Korea have released statements condemning the secret agency, the ruling party and the police.
At a human level this is a tragedy like no other.
It seems as if war has been declared again.
They are very easy to make.
Human Rights Watch has been banned from visiting the territory.
The beating that this young man got was for world cup.
Then I have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people.
He was then sentenced to jail for five years after a military trial.
Actually the father in this case was member of UN personal.
The single most important part of being me.
For me he was a star.
a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop
Their stories will be spread.
Huge sums of money are almost always involved.
Change of power or Power to change?
The answer has to be Japan and South Korea.
Posters in the image read
But experts say it is not safe to be mining so close to a river, below the river level.
we wish you all the very best.
And these messages are having their effect.
And so it goes for the entire video.
And for our top Turkish links of the week
Are you in a rural or urban area??
And we Muslims will be the ones to pay the price.
I can see that of course this event was more than just words for hundreds of people.
Please read the whole thing.
Two bloggers from Venezuela have already signed on.
I need to go back
Very few government agencies, federal or regional, want their financial records in public view.
So it has come down to two guys you can vote for.
or to supply working capital.
They follow the trends and often they set them, themselves.
We turned the page, and there was one name remaining.
many in the Filipino blogosphere welcome him back.
It was a massive crowd.
First Obama and now this
The release was not the end of the story of this incident for Korean society.
Over the last two years, I have taken photos of the poor living conditions in Hong Kong.
I have these relatives who love to talk about themselves.
But today, this time around, I am not going to just forget.
How are you going to fight?
Because the organizers wanted to occupy a university.
The quality of the Ukrainian translation is a lot better than that of the Russian one.
So sorry, so very sorry.
Is God there or is he not?
She had negative opinions regarding men, as most of us, but her views were to the extreme sometimes.
This does not make sense.
Everyone is looking at you.
Below are his music videos
Really us this what this media outlet has to ask?
What should we tell them?
This situation should be seriously considered when it comes to developing the labour market policy.
It was fun for me, all right.
But it feels no better because of that.
What about the future for you, Michael?
I was able to go there when we visited the island..
What does Kenya really need?
Early Days  Global Voices Trinidadian bloggers are on election watch.
I then stood up and picked up my camera.
For a few years I have looked at the picture and have wondered
Can you imagine if one of them was your son, brother or husband.
However, there was one big problem, communication.
But she did want to have a child.
We did not know if we would ever see home again.
Global Voices India Changing.
So that she could pay less for her apartment.
Photo by author and used with permission.
On Twitter there were also reactions.
A good way to get money for the milk
Few Russians are thinking at least three steps ahead.
Image from Flickr by Video Volunteers.
A New Front in Northern Iraq?
Bloggers are the vehicles to spread this wealth of information.
And I always added power.
Concerns were expressed earlier by the Western Peoples Council
With or without real name registration, they know who you are.
That gave us a strong sense of self confidence...
Now that you know all this what should you do?
But they also publish banned articles.
youth made up the largest number of protesters in April.
Ultimately, I know that rhetoric is just rhetoric.
On the other hand, I receive many letters from people who ask for help.
Comments on Twitter before, during and after the competition became heated.
I also found out that she had written something about using only Egyptian products.
Instead, several months later, she was arrested.
The reality, however, is different.
The latter matter is considered in detail in a later section.
Local mainstream media have so far showed little interest.
Whatever Japan might learn from Germany will not be well received by China.
The announcement was received with mixed feelings.
Muslims have an opportunity to use the days of this month as God intended
How Big a Threat is Militant Islam?
The blog then goes on to say
What makes this community official ? As far as I know, there is nothing official about blogging.
Political Crisis Update  Global Voices Foreign Notes posts an update on the political crisis in Ukraine.
There is even an app available to complete a miss call with one touch.
And we have to take it, I guess.
Her students expected to find a man as their teacher.
The news was trending on Twitter.
Why does Zambia receive so few tourists?
It was not attended by the prime minister or any senior cabinet minister.
For the rest of the family...
Believe me, I consider you an artist.
It is a news blog now.
I often ask myself, what contribution have I made to this society which is full of sensitive words?
Today, most of the women are in jail or have been forced to leave the country.
The Asian Human Rights Commission called for an independent investigation into the incident.
Pakistan has got the nuclear bomb as well.
He posted messages to his Twitter page on Monday afternoon
I write about things that interest me.
So the blogs and the different platforms of the web have become the alternative.
But online campaign will not be completely free, there are rules and restrictions for both candidates and voters.
But I was disappointed when I watched the interview.
How did that come about?
He has nothing to do with his death.
A strategy that seems to be working.
January has been the most violent month against journalists and media activists since the beginning of the revolution.
send in a copy of your passport, proof of your original registration, and fill out a form.
There was no one but me.
No two ways about it.
Everyone is busy with their families.
Exactly why, no one could tell.
A Thousand Years of Victory in Defeat.
He also asks who was worse
The story is still the same, but everything started to make sense to people.
We knew that this is how it would be.
General Power would participate in the decision making.
Another Egyptian blogger is being detained.
When did you start working for GV and what keeps you in the community?
Forward with economic freedom in Africa forward.
Therefore, a Peaceful Assembly Bill is certainly essential.
My older brother is killed and I can not attend his funeral?
Global Voices Bangkok Post.
At the time I was angry that people had given up on Iraq.
The rest is the way that each individual sees life.
It was a very political trial.
It has no physical presence.
In this way we are all guilty.
Is anyone ever truly objective?
The order was issued by the highest judge.
wonders about the changing role of army in Nepal.
What are the African countries where freedom of expression is most at risk?
Or to send a message.
I have lost track of the various awards.
But this has not been confirmed.
And we will not leave until all our demands and the demands of the revolution are achieved.
Rates of drug abuse, HIV and poverty are high in the region.
Had we known the answer, perhaps there will be peace on earth.
It should be banned by all means.
What gives you and your husband relief from everyday problems?
We, LGBT people, were children.
I will not beat around this bush.
This turned out to be a lie.
Why do Food Prices go up in Ramadan?
And how has Spain responded in turn?
Why is it so hard to create a press law for China?
The same point that is missing from the discussion.
The blog says that tomorrow a new initiative will be established to protect their rights.
Many parties and political leaders have launched their own Facebook pages and Twitter accounts.
Together, and only together, we can and will achieve a better world.
I see no room for me to take sides.
It has given people the chance to get their voices heard easier that what it used to be.
And so off we went to her apartment.
Others, including Edward of Path Ghana, were inspired to write poetry in his memory
They have used their social media outlets to raise awareness.
He was funny, really funny.
It seemed that all of the women were in one section.
Among other things, bloggers might be affected by the new law as well
To prove I am not a dictator, I will personally name a new government
But the outrage was not limited to South Africa.
It is true we have missed and lost things.
He has left his profile open so that it remains a fairly public forum.
Violent games have been banned or censored?
Ethiopian soldiers walking in an empty street.
What key lessons did your team learn about the benefits and the challenges of shooting citizen video?
This puts Liu in a tough spot.
The people started to get worried.
She was his goal, she was his reason.
Such practice should be promoted across the country.
Some are strongly in support of her, while others think otherwise.
More and more, privacy is being used to justify censorship.
She has been in detention ever since, without charge.
and so far it has more than three hundred comments.
Only government initiatives and raising awareness among women are not enough to prevent the violence against women.
Many English sites get blocked in Iran.
She will become a Kazakhstan citizen and play here for at least three years.
It might have worked with the majority.
It happens because you are working.
It was not blocked inside Iran.
See Source of Data, below for population data to be used in this step.
So you can criticize her.
Rhetoric online is getting heated.
for the moment this is the only known information about her.
She just needs to stay pretty, get married, give birth, and let others look at her.
My children, I, and this country deserve better.
To me, South Sudan is all about them.
You can follow them on Twitter.
Is it because these topics are still current?
Global action for the girls Tweet
But at the same time you must respect my religion.
When I called them, they told me to come in for an interview.
The officer, surprised, said he would have to see.
Labour net launched  Global Voices A news website, China Labour net has been launched.
They have no right to do this.
Is corruption the best place to stand and fight?
I want to write about suffering of my people and my family in these days.
Egyptian protesters gather at Tahrir Square.
Do you have what it takes?
We have this common will to do something greater than ourselves.
it provides us with tools and knowledge which have in the past remained hidden or even forgotten.
We will never forget you.
Nobody selected these men specifically for this task.
In this event page on Facebook, many ideas were put forward
Or did the topic present itself?
An excited woman was making an emergency call over the phone
Below is an image she shared on Instagram.
It will also monitor user comments.
They would not be afraid of fair elections.
According to this UN map, almost half of Afghanistan is now too dangerous for aid workers to operate in.
Do you expect people to accept that?
The Pakistani Government have blocked YouTube, and announced a holiday on Friday to protest against it.
Bloggers Meet  Global Voices Sri Lankan bloggers have a bloggers meet.
rather, they directly attack the dignity of the target.
they want to express themselves.
People of Gaza at the time would be at work, schools, and universities.
The unfortunate events that I described in that story happened.
says other political parties can learn a lot from new National Confidence Party.
On Twitter and Facebook the number of people on both sides were almost even.
There is no other conclusion.
Everyone in Iran is free in their own private lives to do as they please.
I just saw her few days ago when I was with her son.
Slogan from the protests by the parliament
However during the entire month there are a variety of events related to this important celebration.
This is not the first time.
This sounds good in theory.
And Google has taken these complaints seriously.
Did my friend not have the right to be angry?
And time is running out.
OR ARE U JUST SCARED OF HIM?
And as usual, the majority of the time they are civilians.
Student protest  Global Voices Bahrain
There are no security issues.
I have a daughter, but she was born here.
But the possibility, it seems, will exist.
yet he did not stop being human as a result.
I argued that a better comparison was the relationship between the UK and US.
John informs his readers of his good news
They say that in those moments, you see your whole life in front of your eyes.
In the middle of the day.
Even more are expected this year.
At present many online media survive on donations.
and is raising awareness among the Wikimedia community about the unique features of indigenous knowledge and languages.
and they then either take or walk away from the deal being offered.
Of what new course could it mark the beginning??
What we are talking about is the lack of class
This is a Four step solution to solve the problem.
The idea was welcome for youth.
This is something really nice.
And I mean EVERYBODY, even those who condemn the beating.
Is there anything to celebrate?,
I had plenty to learn.
How this can be explained?
If so, read this post
Since last night, many friends said
I am no longer in my house.
Two years ago, there was a fight near one restaurant here.
Every choice you make takes you down a different narrative path.
The problem most Africans have is that they cannot charge those cell phones due to lack of electricity.
His eyes tried to recognize me and they did.
called upon the people to exercise their rights if the results were not as they expected.
Only the Africans celebrate the fact that they are free.
He is also the most controversial writer to have come out of the Caribbean.
The next day, he received a death threat because of what he saw.
The video can be found on Youtube
Some have to do with a political goal in mind.
In respect to both, the blogger writes
Before leaving with police officers, the blogger tweeted
I think it will be very interesting to work together
And there are still more beautiful photos of Bangladesh
they has lost one third of their seats.
But first, if you watch no other video blog this week, see this one
A Sudanese refugee has recently started working in my company...
Let those who fought for papers secure jobs.
It is not a civil war.
In Lebanon, at home or in the streets, Lebanese people speak basic French.
By the way, the crisis is already beginning to affect the people.
The government has been shut down.
Joining a gang marks you for life, literally
Food from which country interest you the most?
We were all born free and equal.
Ever the professor, she came with all the numbers and figures she needed.
How does the Chinese government view your work?
We identified two major issues
The website has been one of the most popular news sources in Tajik.
Who is in charge of all that?
I really try not to market my work online because it is a fine line.
What are his PR people are thinking?
To what extent were you inspired by other Occupy movements?
See you at the new year
A silent book signing event.
Get a blog and write on it.
Save The Trees And Money.
This is where things get complicated.
Events such as supporting the judges followed after that, especially when some bloggers were arrested for supporting the judges.
You are also on Twitter.
African women blogging this week  Global Voices As usual, African women have been blogging about a variety issues.
Regardless of the situation people do express their interest in music and perform in hidden places.
What kind of impact has it had on your country and people?
To think that such an individual is a journalist
It was so difficult for them.
because of what it represents in the United States.
This problem is global, and nobody has been able to solve it.
They have since grown up and had families.
I want to go home.
I also felt a real connection to my food source.
what I want to pass on.
The passengers have fear and hate.
And then he tried to beat me.
This is a loss for Syria.
Yet it also means that there will be no end to the protests.
What documents, those of the Security Services?
In the evening of that Saturday the police announced they were going to issue a statement.
We need courage, and we need faith.
Several others from outside of Chile also said they side with the students on education reform.
And, later, she goes on to provide a little more background.
He points out key problems from the map
At Global Voices, I was dedicated more than anything to current events.
I officially state that if you would need to come to Ukraine I will welcome you.
As an Australian, conversations generally turn to cricket.
Putin with Bush or any other foreign leader.
Coup Attempts and More Questions on the Upcoming Elections  Global Voices Free and Fair Elections?
The Syrian opposition, as well as many human rights groups and governments around the world, say Assad was responsible.
My thoughts have not left you since the moment you were captured.
Now we have more South Asian blogs in review
Amnesty International has also issued an appeal to take action for her release.
Does Russia want to monitor everything on the Internet?
People from other parts of the world expressed how important freedom of press is in their countries
When claiming responsibility for terrorist attacks, Taliban reason that they are targeting foreigners.
I knew that I needed to become friends with Google, and Google likes words, not photos.
Yesterday, African leaders condemned the leader of Zimbabwe.
According to the International Federation for Human Rights
He will be back home tomorrow morning or maximum by Thursday.
Women all over Europe are facing similar problems at the moment.
A week later, on the next organized protest in the capital, several thousands people showed up again.
And innocent people die as a result.
And to the Arab issue, this is really racist
The police will take it seriously if they find people are taking seriously.
This election is not about the past, it is about the future.
We also write blogs to raise awareness.
Nine people lost their lives in the disaster.
Or, that I was too young to understand.
Blogger adds we should continue our struggle to get our own rights Persian.
What makes Bloggers Cuba unique is their inside perspective
Creative Commons photo by the World Trade Organisation.
Chinese Bloggers are having their voices concerning this regulation.
Migrant children from Myanmar at a United Nations advocacy event in Malaysia.
In a previous piece, Rising Voices presented other students of the university and their stories.
The video ends with the following message
Screenshot of Macedonian State Election Commission website.
Photographs at United We Blog
Another protest was held in response to the approval.
Duty or Violation of Human Rights?
Or have I just missed it?
Then I saw this report on Global Voices.
They are our most powerful weapons.
The slogan of the new campaign against drugs is
It seems that we are a minority who do not want him.
What happened with the respect for life?
It will probably never be enough.
In this post, he says
You buy your way in.
Regardless of this controversy, there have been attempts in the past to control the internet which mainly targeted artists.
What does the foundation want those photographs for?
There could be broader consequences, too.
A very moral and importance stance.
as a matter of fact Steve Job just got on stage
Certainly this does give a credit to Tajikistan at all.
What do they do on Facebook?
More photographs from today can be found on the protest pages on Facebook here and here.
I ask myself why I study journalism?
Where do you get funding?
There are many artists who do a lot of good, independent, original work there.
Less is More  Global Voices Sometimes, less is more.
To many more in health.
How can public space be shared?
My father has been by my side my entire life.
They did not allow anyone to leave the buildings they controlled.
Book Readers to the Streets
The conclusion should not be made until all the reports come out.
Tuesday is World AIDS Day.
How do you plan to promote this guide?
The tour became a trending topic on Twitter both in Brazil and worldwide.
What is the future of social media in Uganda?
We caught the early train to New York.
Or should we leave just the beautiful memories?
Colombia, Ecuador , Venezuela, and Peru.
He called for sanctions against individual senior leaders.
Can you give a word to the Prime Minister about that?
There is a big cross on our Kyrgyz flag.
Then, a male officer attacked the girl.
Can we have the medical records?
I think the King is trying to move his country forward.
The way The great do.
This is not a criticism, but merely reality.
What should you be doing then you ask?
On the other hand, they did not demonstrate the ability to take matters any further themselves.
Dozens also gathered in Hong Kong on Monday evening to remember those killed.
a radical change in the leadership.
This is the second time Fiji has been fully suspended by the group.
Last night, our nation was attacked.
Immigration  Global Voices Certain Ideas of Europe writes
How did you decide to blog in English?
What are you talking about, brother?
Chinese online communities followed up the story closely.
It would be nice to hear this from our Political Leaders...
These community residents had little or no formal media training.
did you feel a strong cultural difference in Iran?
How much, to leave the country?
Over the years, what did I do in college?
As part of his analysis, he argues
Animal activists from around the world have been calling for an end to the festival for years.
I used to love the first day at school just to meet the new people
I thought about each step I walked in Baghdad several times before I took its risk.
History was made in Trinidad and Tobago with our first Pride parade.
But how will they go about making money?
First of all, take food with you, and come back when it runs out.
What is the problem and way forward?
Many are opposed to this proposal.
What a shame that a tragedy has to happen in order for people to start paying attention
But one thing does make sense.
Who are the leaders of Taliban?
More than a half of those requests were already denied.
They are human, and no one is perfect.
We, Iranians, do not want to support terrorist groups
The question I get asked the most in Japan
FOR The good of all people
You might have to hand over your mobile phone.
Africans from the continent as well as the diaspora have also taken an active part in the debate online.
How quickly my work has been noticed.
He speaks about the race issues we had in Malaysia.
They have not had water or electricity in four months.
My articles, my comments, I wrote to be published.
What do you want from them?
Not everything a Muslim does has to do with Islam.
Here are a few of the comments that were left on the post
And so many other bodies.
He seemed to be fighting not one man but a dozen.
I remain by your side.
Once again thanks for the highlight.
Few things are as grave as the rape of land.
Other bloggers also have similar reports
None of the blogger are saying that it is going well.
In our letter, we proposed that Facebook
Looking back at the last two years it is clear there was a Georgian winner in the August war.
He was sure of it.
in general, lack of transparency causes failure
So how are you all feeling?
it has become a state issue.
Because laws are for protection, not discrimination.
Follow Southern Sudan Referendum tweets here.
Why are you dressed like this?
Another friend is also fine.
The activists are accused of
Most of the demonstrators are youth who are seeking reform and change.
We received responses from four individuals.
Follow the summary of the whole debate here.
Again, the problem is not Internet access but the lack of motivated people.
At least this is the sense of many posts published on the Brazilian blogosphere, like this one.
We went to meet her the very next day.
I guess it is time to start asking questions.
Can you describe the environmental situation in Latin America and the Caribbean?
Concert organizers and others could do the same.
A list of posters can be found here.
It leaves activists like myself wondering
Syria is being destroyed, one beautiful city after another, right before our eyes.
To use these new ways in daily life is the last step.
Below is the video presentation of the government project
Mexico is the latin american country with the highest risk of being kidnapped.
some images are graphic in nature.
Can we do something to protect our children?
how can we do that. ...
Let us say enough is enough in the next round.
From the Jordanian Blogosphere  Global Voices Jordan
He sought, and obtained, political asylum in the United States, and he now lives in New York City.
It took them about two hours.
Many will turn right or left and march back if he asks them to.
How does he know who is gay and who is not?
Another list I am not part of.
Or did the opposition do it in the belief that the authorities would take the blame?
develop a solution for world peace?
But you told me not to believe in anything you say.
The statement message of the campaign posts read as
Finally, the Algerian got control of the boat and we began to calm down.
I am personally interested in technology and I can quickly learn do something with it.
The girls are having fun.
A wedding and an attack.
You can read more about this completely volunteer initiative, and how to help
Kurdish authorities told him to go back to Baghdad, but he was too afraid to go.
have a look at this link.
An edited version is republished on Global Voices under a partnership agreement.
More reactions from the Jordanian blogosphere
And they got whatever food they liked.
He has published several photos from his trip in Saudi Arabia.
Three, a Union Government of Africa.
Is he doing the right thing?
My mother also did that in her own way, she was an activist.
I think that the mission of any artist is to pass on a message.
By the way the USA has a black president and not a vice from Kenya
Two days after that meeting, they turned down my request.
Sudan, Cuba, North Korea, and Iran are all also affected by similar sanctions.
And it is not the first time that this happens with this mine.
In my opinion, neither group is capable of anything like this.
The police has to open a file once you report to them.
The accident was recorded and the video went viral on social media.
Things are far worse now.
Now every one of them is back.
For a few minutes there was nothing to hear.
The small text on the bottom says in Arabic
I can see us now.
He believes the Taliban tried but failed to take advantage of the situation.
The change of power distribution might also affect relationships beyond the parliament.
Image by the Royal Media Office.
Its even more difficult for the parents of international students.
The reality today is that Nigerians are deeply divided.
My fear is that a ground attack is coming and that much more pain is still ahead.
Today Bahrain has been divided.
A boy addresses his mother.
It is so close it has stopped being just an idea.
The BBC Persian and English websites are both blocked inside Iran.
Hard to believe that their owner has been gone for so long.
Companies have already started looking for ways to get around the new regulations.
Second of all, are representatives of a friendly state.
all are worth the read.
a bid for power and influence across the Muslim world.
Neither schools nor universities are open period.
Netizens, including Twitter users from around the world, showed great support to both journalists.
It turned out they did, and in some cases the songs were all they bought to the US.
I am willing and ready to learn from the responses that my pieces generate.
He describes the circumstances of his detention
We left as friends, we came back as brothers.
I believe that these men are unlikely to be convicted or to serve significant jail time.
Their Group and Community Forum has more details.
When the conflict with Russia started, the number of Georgian blogs soon increased.
This is definitely something to keep watching in the weeks and months to come.
has an article on the new era of the Japan and Korea history debate.
Russia is strong, stronger than any other country, and will only get stronger.
Two weeks before his death, he asked to be taken to the hospital.
The solution, I think, lies with the youth and advocacy groups.
Because this is where is.
There must be commitment, courage and struggle, but first there is loss.
This is not South African football next year.
The talk has started, and the walk must follow.
And once again she highlights a well known fact to female demonstrators saying
That is just what happened to I Was There.
In fact, they never were.
Censorship does not stop anything, never has.
The claim that Hong Kong independence is against the law is false.
A Public Domain image by Photographer
We need to strengthen and support existing infrastructure and communities.
We can talk about it.
Learn more about the campaign
Referendum for Peace or War?
Fast forward to yet another election.
This, however, is impossible without a housing option for those people still living in them.
For information about how to apply please visit this and this page.
Our people who lived and worked there know it best.
Who is the Middle Class?
The Orthodox are beating up the LGBT.
Why Did Uzbekistan Ban Wikipedia?
The blogger reminds us about repression and political prisoners.
Americans whose tax dollars are supporting the occupation Photo credit
After all we are just talking.
Some people just want to grow and be left alone.
We show you two ways of doing it.
Why is the Nigerian Police silent on this story?
The following post is a good example of these ideas
Where Does Puerto Rico Stand on LGBT Issues?
We are not our disease.
Australia is definitely a part of Asia now
Four of the detainees were active members of the GV community.
the winner will then represent the USA in the international competition.
He was between our and the German positions.
A response came from the transport secretary by way of a tweet
Excellent pictures are also provided with the post Philippines
No one has the power to do anything.
Together with more trust and number of readers, bloggers gain more attention from the authorities.
We feel deeply for the suffering of all the people who have been caught up in the conflict.
You should be setting the standard.
Because I choose to take responsibility for what happens in our society.
If you read no other blog post this week read these two
Nothing to be surprised about.
Opposition Leader Injured in Protest  Global Voices Bolivia
In fact she talked of the danger herself several times recently.
one designed to ultimately replace the current Press Law and the other to create a state media commission.
And you, Mexican citizens, have no choice either.
When we returned, the door to the apartment was closed, and he never came back...
We simply cannot let the government do this the second time around
Who is reading your blog?
he was put on trial in October, found guilty, and sentenced to four years in prison.
The move continues to receive criticism from human rights groups such as Amnesty International.
The opposition was able to gather tens of thousands in the streets since December.
How will you ever reach China?
This time around much information on the candidates and the election are available on the Internet.
It has happened before and perhaps will not stop here.
Georgia has made some reforms, true.
No, we do this in the news section only.
and that his opinion is not right.
What other activities are you involved in at your community?
What inspired you to start this campaign?
What an amazing experience and first two weeks.
We could never prove that the mentioned three men are involved in the case.
Lebanese are not afraid as much as they are sick of the situation.
China, Russia, some of the Islamic countries.
first the size of the operation
The government never tries to find the main reason from within the distribution network.
And thanks for your support
We are all proud of you.
That is also true of most Brazilian TV, as well.
Would have been more real.
This is just a summary of a complicated debate.
you throw some to jail, others will come.
We do not expect it, but we wish it.
You changed our world in so many ways it is impossible to describe.
The blogger wish the best for new year.
So I started art reviews.
We are aware of this, but, of course, it is not the primary concern, either.
The work was an outlet for me to investigate what I was going through.
I quickly turned around and began to drink.
REMEMBER, PEACEFUL RESISTANCE IS THE WAY AS THERE IS NO LAW IN FIJI TODAY.
Just in the political scene.
The frustration felt by many on the ground is also expressed in a series of updates by Twitter users.
By saying this we referred to political and social repression by the regime.
He continues with a call to action
A few of my friends said that employees of public budget organisations were given a choice
According to citizens, they have ignored the local reality.
They spend Monday through Friday in the field.
My goal is to develop African Path into this vehicle.
Each human being, known only by a given name, had a cash value.
However, you may also worry too much.
Other believe in his right for a free trial.
No this is not a joke.
I was very excited, I took photos of everything that came my way.
Please Read More on Global Voices Jordan
So, I was feeling a little sad when I walked into my last class ever.
He discussed in an entry from last year on his blog why the Russian team is so effective
But this did not prevent them from using it.
In fact, this is a more significant issue to be addressed.
Not waiting, they are actively working.
The conditions can be found by following this link.
As things stand, our country is in danger.
There is something that is just not right here.
And of course, the jokes are out too...
Blame is being placed on both farmers and governments for their failure to act.
His protests since then have included several hunger strikes.
I believe that it is in the public interest that I do so.
Why are you on Twitter?
Most of the teams have their own Twitter accounts and Facebook pages.
There must be thousands of such examples in EVERY ONE of our hospitals.
International Blog Day in Latin America  Global Voices Nigeria
Especially when food is involved.
He moved to Old Havana, very close to where I have lived my whole life.
Not to mention that I like the idea of the Green Party.
Here is how the moment was documented in the Egyptian social media scene.
To address these challenges, some individuals are offering their help to the refugees seeking communication.
Bloggers lack access to funds to expand especially if they decide to make blogging a business.
One student questioned school policy on Weibo
How would you describe this project for the average person to understand?
And THEY decided to go to the place THEY are familiar with.
Perhaps there is no answer to my question.
But I am not surprised at all.
One of the important lines of discussion that has come up is how are we to become better readers?
The report also quoted netizens from popular social media platform Weibo and urged local authorities to address public concerns
Local television stations have little or no power over their content that appears on YouTube.
avoid giving men the lead role.
The initiative was launched as follows
Then imagine your own children doing the same.
A group of African students called off a demonstration in the national capital as a result.
The lessons include Information, Education and Accountability.
Today the treatment is available in most of Africa, even if much work is still needed to reach everyone
I broke the law, I would accept its rule.
But, why would he leave to Iran?
According to common practice, the trial should then be held in Beijing.
The blogger commented on the new opportunities that this space is creating
They are neighbors and friends.
That was the whole question.
Do you use other social networking sites such as Twitter?
This policy is one of such weapons.
We take for granted freedom of speech and expression, the right of the press to publish and report.
Sex Education for the People, by the People.
Photograph from his Facebook page.
I find this rather sad.
The original version of this post appeared on the Future Challenges blog.
Some even would like to protest.
According to the new school programme
Or was he referring to the government assistance for elderly citizens?
America, now that you have served your purpose
We know all that, and more.
You can join the cause by signing the petition.
We are together everyday, getting to know one another and helping one another like a family.
To be displaced is difficult, with the heat and no water.
The real discussions are pushed to another platform
But a few of our politicians have a medical degree
people will just find ways around your ban.
Many also responded to the call for blood donations
As one Twitter user put it
Participants in the Cambodian Bloggers Summit.
I want to make Africans rich.
When the discussion is about blogging, can blogging tools be far behind?
We can spread the message of our religion on our own.
At the same time, industrial pollution has brought serious consequences for public health and for the environment at large.
There are two issues that are most interesting about the five points.
Many politicians and bloggers have argued that closing the station would be wrong.
His legal team is already prepared to appeal both the verdict and the sentence
Could it not have been prevented?
WE DID NOT KNOW WHAT WAS HAPPENING IN GAZA Libya
Ukraine, you want into Europe?
They do this, while an environmental disaster lies in waiting.
How can they escape this sense of blame?
I experienced only two things
I wish I had captured more of it.
We need you to take action now.
His research focused on the content and style of the messages that the writers used.
Many proposed solutions have been put on the table.
Heard its not really the youth who worked.
The post begins by saying
Had he known that this would be how it would all end?
They believe they know what is best for me.
Let us do that again.
He has the greatest amount of negative space around him.
While some foreign workers experience poor treatment in working places, human right organizations try to improve their status.
and, among other things, says
Though she never directly participated in politics.
He believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there.
But now our football will gain in terms of entertainment .
Chinese Language Blogosphere Chinese language bloggers seem less inspired than they were this time last year.
The process is the same in Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, two countries where South Korean companies have strategic economic interests.
A netizen from Beijing reported
No one remembers about them.
They killed six people I know in the camps.
The blogger, who is married to a Saudi, also pays tribute to a special woman in her life
The Tunisian government has realized that censorship is not working the way it wanted it to.
Ask each family affected to choose someone to receive the humanitarian Aid.
But not everybody believes that holding a strike is the right approach to increase the minimum wage.
It can be your own blog entry, if you like.
These individuals are armed and dangerous.
In Pakistan, the challenges are enormous and they are complex.
One person was dead and many were wounded.
I know that they were in Russian schools also.
What else did I miss?
There was no reaction by the university or the state authorities in charge of the education system.
The problem was with the Lebanese.
Where are those responsible for information technology in the country?
Politics Update  Global Voices An update on Ukrainian politics from Foreign Notes
Images from Google Earth blog.
There was nothing he could do but walk.
I review my own personal experiences and the things we ignored.
Power station of the Past  Global Voices How some places of importance are reduced to nothing.
Is it just me or is there something strange happening here?
He also removed all his previous posts.
Kremlin press service, public domain.
So there are two kinds of reactions you get in market places.
Huge public interest has surrounded the case.
That we have a voice.
They cut off the internet so they can beat us.
I was never directly affected.
Will the people listen to the church any more after this in political decision making?
most of her posts are in Tajik.
What is going to happen with that?
It started out as a space that women had made for themselves, and so it has stayed that way.
Among them, I have to say, some are very close indeed.
The sites are shut down not as censorship, but as a result of court decisions.
Rain, too wrote about the desire for change in Jordan
Then you are a Jordanian youth.
What happens next with the project?
I have mentioned it a lot of time.
Would your project or the idea behind it be possible without the Internet?
Those same people want to shoot civilians dead?
Russia is not for Russians?
How would she have the courage to stand up for her rights?
This is useful, it allows me to continue to write, to photograph, to speak.
What do we do then?
He also lists the countries which oppose the summit
getting paid to do nothing.
Thailand is also claiming the historic site.
A New Response to Hate Crime?
A rice and food price crisis hit the region last summer.
The top answer could be understood anywhere.
One thing, however, was clear
There was no blood but white mass..
They join the family in calling for justice.
This is why I stood against abortion, against war, against capital punishment.
So much men taking advantage of one man, carnival is such a waste of money.
Two of the major candidates that each have their own blogs are
The announced site visit is going to take place in the coming days.
Will they then arrest them all?
does any of this matter to him, or are there other things more important to him?
Polish democracy activists on a European Tour.
I am part of the diaspora who was born in the United States.
But people wonder when the attacks are going to end.
And thus, I continue to be quiet.
Going to Town  Global Voices Online literary magazine Town has just published its third issue
In the Czech Republic, they are also thinking about it, but there is problem with it.
No, is it a plane?,
Might add also that even the Vice Minister of foreign affairs commented on one of my posts.
It is given in US dollars.
So then, what to do?
And, finally, they did not release even a short death notice in the national press.
The page of the project reads as follows
Development of infrastructure that provides Internet access to every citizen.
What has inspired you to make a movie about women and the dictatorship period?
That figure will continue to rise as the Internet population keeps growing.
Singapore Groups Say No More.  Global Voices Screenshot from the campaign video of The Online Citizen.
One for the week, one for the weekend.
Photo by US Army Africa, released to public domain.
How can we listen to music at this time?
The president is no different.
How many schools need help?
Twitter is where many of us come to find out the news and share our thoughts and feelings.
Now Kyrgyzstan has another chance to be famous
that is a whole lot of languages there.
Tell us something about your life and the world around you.
Peru has a large community of citizens living in Japan.
Families cannot stay in touch easily.
Her family history was also introduced by the media for the first time.
Did you change in some way the subjects you address in your blog?
So far I have not seen a single one which is fair.
Earlier this year, he saw an opportunity that could make this possible
Two Vietnam websites blocked  Global Voices The Vietnam government is accused of blocking two popular websites.
So there we were talking around and about it.
And this figure in front of him, with only the eyes visible, could be anyone.
They go on with their lives.
The following links are blocked by the Ministry of Information
People actually fear breaking the law because there will be real consequences.
These are some of the questions to be addressed and thought about.
The controversy has even reached the attention of other regional bloggers.
Yet, these same channels have also been used to demand his release.
This is our International Airport.
What was it like when you lived there?
Our worry is no longer food and water.
Here are some of the initial reactions from Twitter
Of one thing we can be sure
None of this came as a total surprise.
Global Voices The degree of freedom on the Russian Internet is an issue for debates.
And you know the funny part?
Here are some of the reactions on Twitter.
Africa Why are Africans black?
It was not a show for me.
According to one Twitter user
The games were over, this was life.
But tens of thousands feel that justice has not been served.
We need to be able to do that a lot more.
no, he is not ready
But what could I do??
Why was it important for you to volunteer on Global Voices?
After all, a picture may say a thousand words, but a few words can change the story.
I was sitting next to this hot guy.
I think we need to take another look at the Public Offices Election Act.
However the ban is very much there because of the new court ruling.
One of the most useful lessons that I learned was that you have to give something to your reader.
I could also mention some stories by women in Arab countries
To someone who believed in real journalism.
There is no way to prevent this to happen in this country while we still have a mean government.
What would happen to each country if this continued?
I think the problem is not about the media outlet as much as it is the journalist.
The market was even more fun.
But the majority of the images lack necessary context.
It is not just failing at the task.
A new category this year aims to include blogs of a more visual nature
The Taliban agree there is an Education Emergency in Pakistan
I think this extremist violent intervention MUST STOP.
Some work with their hands.
In the background you can see the west side of Olympic House, the headquarters of the national Olympic committee.
If it was the Israelis, that is very bad because of all the reasons mentioned above.
The government has made no comment on why these music platforms are suddenly accessible.
I believe I am in good company in this view.
So a few things to know before Wednesday
But I cannot excuse it.
Sounds like the food is still good.
WE HAVE SPOKEN AND NO ONE SHALL CHALLENGE THAT
All it takes is a moment for them to be destroyed.
He concludes with a positive view of the French debate
Three days behind, the South Korean media started talking about this incident in public.
But not everyone will be able to afford a new domain.
Other users echoed his words
But this is what they do.
Is it the body count?
Photo from the website of the Kyrgyz President, creative commons.
Do they have a better life?
This can be critical evidence in an investigation.
When we seriously consider where our country is headed, the youth of Japan are taking the lead.
You can read the complete interview here.
It is a bad idea
She posts in both Portuguese and English.
God took them very early.
This blog is my best effort as an author.
In Pakistan things are different.
Appropriate my culture and get rich doing it
Several youth groups engaged in Street Protests in capital Dhaka.
On the whole, the results were pretty much what I expected.
My strength was my writing.
There is no need to sign up or register.
Do you consider it a citizen media project?
Not one person raised his or her hands.
A similar thing has happened in this election from what I have seen.
This transition would provide enough jobs for all those currently working in mining and beyond.
And how many will ask themselves
What are we doing to our girls?
students protested for one week, before the vice president was finally suspended.
Kazakhstan is the greatest country in the world
This resulted in numerous negative reactions across the Middle East and beyond.
Till now Hong Kong does not have a democratic political system.
So he was even ahead journalists.
The State is responsible for protecting all of us equally.
from Liberal Democratic to the Communist Party.
According to them, the Ministry of Education only thinks about teaching methods that work for the city.
How did you join Global Voices?
The Prime Minister also reacted to the opposition protests last Tuesday afternoon
Every human race has its own identity.
What made you decide to start a blog?
Our goal is to have the girls.
It is not a new phenomenon.
One of the slogans was
Soon, his colleagues and others joined in.
To me it is worth it.
For pictures of the event go here.
One of us is missing.
No one was willing to come forward.
has some updates on the situation.
This in itself, is a huge victory for its organizers, and the Free Gaza movement.
it was the bloggers who highlighted the sudden death rate increase among Moscow residents in early August.
can you tell us a bit about that?
What have you read and what do you currently read?
It should be noted that the attacks are the result of a correct understanding of this wrong policy.
Her photos can be seen here.
announced that he wants a nuclear power plant.
Have any bloggers or online writers in your country been jailed for their activities?
More than half a billion people will remain cut off.
images can be both true and false.
She repeated some amazing pictures of the protests and named the event
Read this post to see where he ended up.
In case the country is accepted, Portuguese will become its third official language together with Spanish and French.
I wish you all a great Christmas.
Mixed by an anonymous blogger for Global Voices.
In fear that they have failed to consider the particular sensitive issues involved to the Ugandan LGBT gay community.
Tourism is a great thing.
We might be doing the same, but at least we are not talking about it publicly.
Photo from the profile of his public Facebook page.
I get along well with the other owners.
As I was saying before...
Three have occurred in the past week alone.
Of course it is not enough
The schools are located along the route used for the prime minister.
Besides, the law must be passed through the current government and parliament.
We had to go back to Tahrir and keep shooting.
We know that there are people who are with us making changes in different positions.
We look forward to your participation, whatever your opinion.
They expect us to continue to write the way we did three years ago.
Because a person is born with it.
And he considers the change to be a good thing for children
Today, mobile phones are the most important technology for refugees to find relatives and remain in contact.
We must not ever even suspect that there is another way.
Used under a creative commons license Featured Author
I had a small chat with them about their trip.
This argument has done a couple of really good things.
Just let them know that their faces have now gone viral.
How do you feel about it now?
This will provide both protection and conditions for investment leading to new jobs.
Today is the day to go to the streets of your city wearing white.
The last time there was a referendum in Turkey was seven years ago, and all the changes were approved.
Everyone is totally fine with that.
Everyone should avoid violence at any cost.
You have been a father for the people of Kuwait.
Until debt tear us apart.
What will you spend the money on and what is the purpose of your campaign?
Not the Islam that we learned at schools.
They just want to take all the benefits from both sides.
Beyond that, each writer has his or her own reasons for writing.
The actors were all local.
I need to calm down
What action plans will be taken??
And we hope to be of help
She had left her husband behind.
Because simply we have no access to information.
FULL AUDIO OF THE CONFERENCE IS NOW POSTED HERE.
The proposal has become a growing source of international controversy.
Was it real or not?
It does not matter what the press office says.
Media must not report news related to Christmas.
The summary can be read here.
Through the open window they heard sounds below in the street
The centre is no longer holding
As the hours passed, the situation grew worse.
They handed down the lists to me, so that I could search for my name in them.
THERE IS NO GOING BACK.
I just want to show respect for our ethnic culture and character.
we have a global online audience.
So I publish it here.
Some may argue that they just followed what the SMS said because its better to be safe.
This happens especially often with the BBC Persian Service
The Internet is one of our most important communication tools.
Most activists are not focusing on the camps any more.
In others words, what is their vision?
Below are some of the reactions.
But the core of the protests occurred in May.
We are people down here
A google map of the major protest sites in Bangkok.
Victims and their families were invited to the ceremony.
It is a moral choice.
All, however, have a united goal
The way to prevent that is to talk about it rather than defend it with a gun.
Each of your fake accounts should have a specific character and principles.
Some of us tried to explain.
Used on Open Caucasus Media and republished with permission.
As a rule, when people learn about the project and like it, they are ready take part in it.
We have to see what the result will be.
What agenda does the outlet saying this have?
Do you remember who won?
Hide and seek in the park.
A message that you want to share with the readers of Global Voices?
The problem of violence against women in Nigeria is highlighted by Black Looks.
Of the experience, she writes
and then, they never gave them back.
Blogs became an alternative for news until some were shut down as well.
And not always in the way you expect it.
I promote the idea that you have to go and vote.
The official Bahrain News Agency tweeted quotes from his speech
But he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music.
It does not matter where a person used to work
If you read no other blog post this week read this
And sure enough, the proud posts kept on coming.
What message is being sent by the Police who are supposed to be protecting our women from domestic violence?
The issue had created an unlikely coalition of online activists from the left and the right...
What is it they seek to achieve?
Netizens were quick to react on Twitter.
The news of her resignation was also commented on Twitter
As it is the most important competition in the world.
On Twitter, netizens are sharing their hopes for a better tomorrow for Tunisia.
Her neighbors share this fate with her.
No one has been arrested for the incident.
By that time, I was prepared to see it.
some countries have blocked access to this vital tool.
I am very worried about him.
seems a lot of thought went into that?
She does not have a single picture with him
And I take this very seriously.
The blogger says that she actually found her own stay somewhat interesting.
Three Years of the Syrian Revolution
These things happen when you are working.
He always thinks of others rather than himself.
Will he risk his life yet again in search of a better alternative to life in Syrian?
Really, enough of what is happening.
I am a citizen who has the right to vote and share my thoughts.
A major factor of his success was his knowledge of native Arabic and Spanish.
Visit the Technology for Transparency website to explore other technology for transparency projects from India.
So here is the problem
Below is the email in full
The penalty of a million or so was probably easily paid.
Remember what you used to say in the Army??
A story we will always remember is this
He said shortly after being elected, according to Wikipedia
You can join this online rally and help raise awareness about the topic.
The first seven letters are
And he wants to change the world?
Be sure not to miss it
But bloggers say more can be done.
For many years, it was required reading for children in primary school.
Local issues are related to national issues.
Global Voices will continue to monitor developments.
so simple, but so real.
And I consider it an absolutely normal dialogue, a normal communication.
A selection of these are as follows.
National ID card project for surveillance?
He said the report could be wrong.
Others think that it is an insult to the Indians.
There are two communities I work with.
How strong indeed the influence of Russian propaganda is.
It all started with a Facebook post.
Do you ask why your child goes to prison for a water fight?
Some terms have already passed into everyday written language, for example
But his career might take a hit.
Whether he leads the state into the next General Election does not matter.
I hope I have got it wrong but I have a dirty feeling that I am not.
Now I can only write, and that only when I get out of pain.
Blogs are included as one of five key areas that need to be developed in order to do so.
Why is he bombing us?
Being a journalist I always feel a need to address the youth.
blog is excited that Bangladesh is closing on a deal with Russia to build its first nuclear power plant.
Gay Armenia points its readers to two new LGBT blogs.
Can you give us a bit of statistics?
How would your country react?
Are Websites Responsible for User Comments?
Her sentence ends this December.
The catch is enough for everyone.
Hunger among those who produce food is a very real thing.
such a move may mean a loss of capital.
He is a refugee in Uganda for the second time in his life.
Find out next week in the Bangkok Post.
The news has not been friendly towards the government.
Be aware of the difference
Why I Blog  Global Voices Light Within has a piece on why the author blogs.
I believe history will judge.
I would certainly encourage any collaboration with bloggers from other Arab countries.
a formal investigation has been launched.
Some bloggers have focused on the political moves made by their governments.
We target those who need our help, and are unable to really get it.
It seems terrorism is not only problem that Afghanistan is facing.
What do they write about?
Just who did all these for him, well, of course not him.
We notice negative images perhaps because they shock us.
Their action stopped the news distribution service of the agency.
This post is part of our Europe in Crisis special coverage.
He tweeted just once after the polls, to thank his voters.
People come to me with confidence.
That rescue team was a disaster.
Here is a video on the demonstration
The Press Council of India has expressed concern about his detention.
The original version of the letter below is available on my blog in Portuguese.
Although, in reality, now I believe it even more.
To call publishing houses is a good idea.
While some people just linked to the essay or posted a bit here or there, others wrote longer accounts.
our families and our homes.
Global Voices has no office or physical headquarters.
I believe that together we can make a difference and change for the better.
The full impact will not be known until at least later today.
Like other applications, how useful technology is depends on how it is used.
And when they arrived, they brought their food with them.
Our research camp as we know it is gone
Phone service criticized to the editor of the New York Times
How can the government obtain your information and what can it do with it?
Iraq will never fall apart.
Like he did back in Syria.
Of late we found the opportunity to share our work with young students.
I lost my baby, and I am with my husband.
You can follow respond to this appeal in their new blog.
Well, it could be according to Iraq The Model.
The people would be doing the burning.
Would the community like me to step down?
Increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks, it was indicated.
There is no time to wait in Sudan.
Please also spread the news to anyone else you know who lives in this area.
But the problem is that if we give you assistance, everyone will know about it.
You hear us Syrian police?
Visit their website to learn more.
He explains how it has become difficult for many to buy their daily meat and other basic food.
We are willing to share what we have.
After gathering all information, the second step is to take a stand on the issue.
Some of those pictures were published in the Washington Post yesterday.
The crime of assault has now become murder
I hope more independent artists in Latin America will follow their example.
The new and changing India has been widely covered these past couple of months by International Media.
These are issues that few Burmese politicians seem willing seriously to address.
On the other hand, the police were not the picture of calm law and order either.
People were discussing my personal life.
It asks you to go make your election card before the end of January.
It is not just a family tragedy but also a social tragedy.
But what is inside, will anyone reveal?
I wonder where are the human rights organizations in Egypt ??
You can view these and other videos on this page.
Photograph by Justice For Bahrain.
The website that you are trying to reach can be dangerous.
Indeed, much of the debate was concerned with issues related to the Muslim world.
It does not matter what we are called, we know who we are.
He is not done yet.
The news was announced in his Twitter account.
There has to be an implementation of the resolution
You can vote once in each age group.
If I could find a good job, I would not have to deal with this.
That same year I went to the first Global Voices Summit in London.
This mean the end of our legislative system.
The post also includes a picture taken from the scene
Making Sense of Sudan, African Politics Now,
So she should be paid.
Those are some of our goals.
But what will come next?
Before his release, Reporters without Borders said
the worst can happen at any moment
Now, he and his family live off credit from three banks.
Do you think its possible for things to become normal again?
Rather, it has been the result of great social pressure.
However this year, Egyptian students decided to celebrate in a different way.
Lee spoke to members of Congress, the media, and the general public.
So many of us fear science.
One of the organizers announced on Facebook
What happened is the following.
However, there are already some signs of activity on Facebook.
they have to echo the words of others even though they became government officials.
I want to sit for long hours in front of the computer.
From you, as someone who pays taxes to support me.
The mayor is calling the police.
I would go to watch the election of the Dhaka Reporters Union.
Not only the children benefit from this revolutionary model of education.
We should make the difference for these innocent people.
In this regard, it was unprecedented and unique.
This is because I do not believe the King planned the Coup.
I will not worry ...
The Amnesty International report states
Words can never describe the pain these people feel and live.
And there is about to be a trial.
to speak and is granted permission.
The contract was won by a partnership between three European companies
At the beginning of my letter, Mr. President, I asked if you knew the meaning of the word dignity.
The truth is what will always keep me doing what I love.
But the majority of reactions were on Twitter.
On the free world side.
We are not weak, we are very powerful.
And what will they do to me?
The quality of what they read is another story.
May be he can listen to act under pressure now.
They are close to us.
After five years of debate, it passed this past February.
For Castro was bringing Cuba not freedom, but hatred.
More so then you might imagine, and the popularity seems to be increasing.
He says that not all problems can be blamed on actions of her neighbors
I am LOST in Translation
How many Indian politicians are here on Twitter?
Those who assault police will be jailed.
What does this really all mean for the climate, for our beautiful world and a better future?
We have the right to dream of unity.
I can only go on and about a topic for so long.
In fact, if you so wanted, you could go there and book a tour and check it out yourself.
That is the Mexico that we have to talk about every day.
The United States of America
Can the world pay attention to more than one big African story at a time?
Everything from music to development and other stuff in between.
Soon, more Indian women joined in via Facebook or Twitter.
There really is some great stuff out there.
I am seriously asking where is this country heading?
Everyone is afraid of doctors, because everyone has to deal with them one day.
How long before this mass perception will lead to an increase in political action?
I just need to record what I see clearly
Social networks tell us that the protests are planned to carry on throughout May and perhaps into the summer.
I know that maybe I will not arrive.
All good things come to an end.
Me and My Blog  Global Voices Are we our blogs?
There are also the hundreds of thousands who have nothing, literally nothing.
warning to the citizens of Gaza.
To care about the public spaces we share, and to ensure those spaces remained public.
Since when does FIFA rule a country?
No, they kidnapped her in the middle of August.
What happens with the money then?
what is the crime he has committed to suffer this fate?
The resignation of a partner.
But is this really about a tweet?
Clearly what the person brings to the reading is important.
More people joined as protesters move towards the local government office.
With respect for human, political and economic rights.
Kuwaiti bloggers were quick to respond.
Everyone is more worried about their daily lives.
They lived and worked on land others owned.
Do you really think you can bomb your way out of this?
And innocent civilians were killed and wounded.
Finally, it may have certain very important, less obvious values.
And neither will the solidarity.
Did the events in Syria have an impact on the state of censorship in your country?
How did my friend get it wrong?
His large bottom is clearly visible in this video
World Day Against Cyber Censorship  Global Voices Internet censorship is still a major issue in many countries worldwide.
Younger girls are also affected
Some are questioning their purpose while others support them.
And I took her to the doctors and then I ran to her father to give him the notice..
And the way they left
I was just doing what made sense, what needed doing.
How did he insult the King?
This year, there are a lot of volunteers who are coming out to help people.
they have gone to court and a decision has been made.
And another demonstration in Tehran
There were few editors, I think three or four.
They have not received the permission.
I intended to film a short interview with both.
That does not include all the countries we visited
God, how much they are demanding from them for this money
While some governments practice extensive Internet filtering, others are keeping it at minimum levels.
Blogging gives you direct access to a world audience no matter how small a place you may come from.
She told him to come now, he said no, he was in the middle of a movie.
Everyone is welcome, as long as you are young.
He had to prove that he could read all road signs in English though.
Most of the time, you were arrested without reason.
A Facebook page and a Twitter account link with similar movements in other cities.
From the point of view of China, Taiwan is in the same position as Hong Kong.
There would be hardly any country where she is not popular.
We should cut trade and investment there.
as a result, more immigrants will be needed.
If some of those people participated in the election fraud, they would not serve as judges.
Finally, Google launched the Arabic version of their Google News.
The website can be found here.
Did they tell you what the reason was?
But I got through this.
But do they really have a choice?
I think it is a very effective advertising strategy.
You can read some opinions from this position, here
Online and in the media around the world, reporters, officials, and ordinary Internet users exchange tweets and blog posts.
How come you now support a war on your country?
Are there government officials or politicians who blog?
What really got me interested is the fact that their Chief Technology Officer is a Bangladeshi.
I have no faith that will do right by this woman.
It has been one of those weeks.
represents military conflicts between different national groups as war between different countries.
You knew it had to happen eventually.
He must be pushed in this direction.
But they were not successful.
How do you wish to see Egypt in the future?
What are Arabs waiting for?
Let the media report freely and without censorship.
Tell us about your writing process.
Do you know why we Occupy Central?
And will the poor thing have time to take a ride in your arms?
This is where technology, and especially the social media revolution, is playing a crucial role.
Many environmental organizations have opposed it from the beginning.
Users shared some of the images on Twitter
Some will go around a corner.
I was just watching them write.
The blogger read into the historical details and the perception of international relation in the movie.
Has Alexey Navalny Really Changed Russian Politics?
Miles gave a brief speech to supporters
Some of the images can found in this Instagram post
The people who love you say everything to your face.
Who wants to be the president of this country?
What has happened to the world we live in?
It will have to stand on its own.
In this referendum, we the citizens have felt that we form part of society.
They talked to a largely American audience about the Arabs and their culture.
At first they came every couple minutes.
What a sad thing to happen.
All the main conversation topics on the agenda are laid out for everyone to see and contribute.
The year of Kazakhstan in Russia, promoted so well in Kazakhstan, is not heard of in Russia.
we see the same in Syria.
Act Like a Man, Dress Like a Woman
Some Facebook users expressed frustration because Macedonian Army did not take part in the Moscow parade.
Then they lose control over them.
The music was free, so it must have been heard in places that we may never even know of.
And we are continuing our protests.
What happens in that journey?
Everyone is afraid of the other.
It is only a kind of entertainment, in which you can feel funny after watching the movie.
She ends her tweets with the following messages
Political Prisoners in Thailand wrote that
Hong Kong and South Korea
Will he just stay in office?
Blogger has taken a photo from her own TV to show who discussed dress fashion.
A photograph of a sign held by a young Jordanian from the protest outside the parliament yesterday.
Electoral officials continue to maintain that everything is ready.
My best experience is being part of the community of Iraqi bloggers and the wider blogging community.
of activism against gender violence.
It was all like being in school.
One answer could be their genuine popularity among Thai citizens.
Apparently, some of his government officers think it is not enough.
they might still grow with the least amount of water.
Some saw their houses destroyed, others their relatives killed.
For the first time people felt that they owned the country.
Instead, one needs to go the other way, to turn to himself.
Blogger says having a dog can create opportunities to get new girl or boy friends in Iran.
Below is a small selection of these comments.
It takes a lot longer to meet the parents.
Recently, help has been provided to the native communities in the region.
Can bloggers live off their blogs?
The interest all over world is growing.
It is danger to the health of our children.
As a citizen , it would be to my benefit if crime went down.
In every election year, journalists from both the state and the private sector do not have it easy.
I used to blog only in Chinese.
If they are working hard y change them?
he is very close to being a mental case.
Has that not been realized?
I stand with the people of Gaza because no one stood with us.
An English translation of that speech is also available.
He stated that the right of setting an organization, a political party, or a media will be totally opened.
That is what women are We can do everything.
Thanks to all people who made it
We want to share your experience of the referendum and the events leading up to it.
The protest was huge on the first few days.
But there is a constant narrative that the two artists are developing.
Maybe look because I care.
all that has changed is the form that it takes.
Where is his other life?
The crackdown began in the night.
Why are Iranians fighting in Syria?
The above quotes from New Era Journal article were translation done by the author.
If that is the case, when?
Ballot papers were not on site like they are supposed to be.
The five denied the charges.
Only Palestine, and I will never live to see Palestine because I did not believe.
These are very different people.
Therefore, for the Italian justice, they should pay the price
An online code of conduct will do nothing to protect us from those risks.
Am I right or am I right?
This cannot be said of anyone else.
And I used to really like the Polish girls.
I have story ideas for France, but also abroad, and of course I will return to Lebanon regularly.
When I close the door, I close the door.
It is better to sit outside.
To this day what he wants is to live in Iran.
However, none of the personnel were hit.
They see the larger impact coming from changing attitudes.
Try here if that link is blocked for you.
The Community Standards also address harassment
In a unique step, this demonstration was organized through Twitter.
The debate is not about language, so much as fear
And I want to thank them for listening.
How do other police officers react?
One person dying in this day and age because of an earthquake is a big deal.
But every law of war and international law is being broken in the targeting of civilians in Gaza.
This funding will cover education costs from primary school to university.
Here is what Mexican and Iranian bloggers had to say about the match
The blogger adds that if we truly believe in it, we can be the heart of Green Movement too.
What are the concrete challenges connected with elderly people and information and communication technology?
We can defend ourselves even with fighting.
What has the Government of India done so far?
After returning home to get separate cars, we went back out again.
We, however, consider this too broad and too general.
I think of the blog.
They come after a failed attempt of dialogue initiated by the opposition towards the regime.
Of course this deal may not be a perfect agreement, but we are not living in a perfect world.
We are all children of immigrants.
The dirty work will be done before the election.
there never had been a need felt for such facilities.
I really like his writing.
Actually, she is a sad beauty, I believe.
But much remains to be seen.
This is how you put it
That is something that you cannot find frequently in local newspapers.
Where can we follow you and the work you will do?
The victory has brought back the pride of being the best in the world.
and developing a global partnership for development.
The letter has three demands
Her children would not yet be grown and Santa would still be real for those who believed.
But I failed to see it.
Detainees are often denied access to lawyers and family members.
But what does this story have to do with me?
I consider myself lucky to being working with people who never give up.
One Day without TV  Global Voices Can we live a day without TV?
Some of these stories are now being told using citizen media.
I remember when I published my first blog post, I was the only Moroccan blogger in my college.
Most of people are interested in meeting each other and other things, but not politics.
What more is there to say?
Libyan opposition activists have also reported cyber attacks on opposition websites coming from Serbia.
In one of his posts he asks
Probably their fear has played a big part too.
Image from Flickr by Mexican Olympic Committee.
You cannot be a first lady without first being a lady.
And a house as well.
Democracy has made our civil society what it is today.
This is the first post in a series on upcoming cabinet candidates.
However, the success of this policy also depends on the rest of Latin America.
She had invited him in for coffee.
What about the voice of the scientific community as a whole?
They continue to fear for their physical safety.
It depends on who you talk too.
Below is one of his songs via YouTube
So they are all to be blamed.
Football fans make the best rebels.
But will reform of the system go further than that?
Other than blogging, what else have you been working on?
Sometimes, family members sleep in the sitting room.
The second is to support its development in the Asian market, particularly in China.
Most of these have since been released without any charges.
The controversy that followed was quite involved and is still ongoing.
I am asking myself if they treated me like that, how about my husband?
But what does the Amazon mean to Peru and, in turn, Peru to it?
Rather than addressing these problems, the government has repeatedly arrested protesters.
Just Do Your Job, Man.  Global Voices This week we take you to Russia, India, and Madagascar.
But I will end this on a positive note.
And what role does social media have to play?
He sat with his family and tried to work out who to vote for
She has nothing more to lose.
The reason for this are our friends we left behind in jail.
The story was inspired in the several political prisoners held by the dictatorship in this prison.
He beat me on my head, on different parts of my body.
Global Voices Western sanctions have hit Putin hard, but are they tough enough?
No rain expected this weekend.
It includes three groups of works.
In the end, only a judge will decide its fate.
It just took the videos of activists on the ground and also took interviews of people.
The new website calls for accountability from local authorities with an online survey of citizens.
Either way, their actions do not help the Forum process.
To learn more about their activities, check out the About section here.
Here I present, in their own words, the recent comments of Iraqi bloggers on the subject.
These are his latest tweets at the time of writing this post
But only a few countries in South America do.
Now What Were You Saying About Borders?
He kept calling the demonstrators to avoid violence.
East and West and Nothing in Between?
What happens to football in the winter?
All my life I have heard about soldiers dying.
I can imagine how hard my family members struggling for living.
Some even doubt it exists.
The reason behind this detention remains unclear.
Never know which website blocked message will show up next.
But all this growth and development comes at a high price at home.
How many help requests do you receive?
My opinion in the matter was different.
The original version of this article first appeared on the website for Center for Human Rights in Iran.
Why should he be concerned??
I doubt there were more than a couple hundred people at most.
Of course, everything you write has to be personal.
Is it a mere color?
He was sentenced to jail for five years.
Would you have the same reaction?
Most of the passengers whose lives were claimed by the crash were French
It remains unclear whether or not the two are connected.
Ahmad also includes a link and a screen shot of the threat.
It could end up like in Taiwan.
It was clear that he was targeted because he holds an American passport.
Secular university student Mohammad tweeted
but there must be a way to help.
Who is asking these questions, and why?
there is no guarantee of employment in the immediate aftermath.
I was sure that we would be engaged in a fight.
Anyone believe what he is saying?
Read the complete report now...
I got up to the main road where most everyone was.
He does not want to reveal his identity given that some Iranian bloggers have recently gone to jail.
Especially those at the top.
In reality, property can be taken from one owner and given to another with greater political influence.
Escape route still unknown A number of issues related to the case remain unclear.
He used to tour in Uganda quiet often and was truly loved there.
These reactions were prompted by the obvious question
Tribal remarks will not take us anywhere.
Ten years old and having to live through this
So let me ask you about your own dreams.
He spent most of his time attending to him.
Many of our community members speak multiple languages and call more than one city and country their home.
Price of fuel  Global Voices To be or not to be..
Which town are you from?
It reveals the coming of a new age.
These bloggers talk about racism and discrimination from France to Iran.
After Independence he because a popular figure, writing articles for newspapers on a wide range of subjects.
People were sentenced to up to two years terms of imprisonment.
The Iraqi Revolution Facebook page published a list of demands translated in full here which concludes with
The group explained their action to local media
Tajikistan is home to more than eight million people.
Any kind of policy is related to interests of different parties.
But mobile phones alone will not solve the problem.
Her organization does not rely on volunteers.
If you have missed, here is the first part.
Two recent examples prove this point.
This guy detained a real criminal.
we invite you to travel to our islands and see it for yourself.
For her, this strategy is the same as taking justice into their own hands
Had it not been for the recording I was doing, I would never have experienced this connection so strongly.
Trends in the Caribbean are no better.
Sleep well my friend, my brother.
This law will not let information be collected.
They made for the Turkish border.
But for her, this is not really the end of the story.
I am getting help from my relatives.
How much time do you spend on social media each week?
But sometimes, claims and statements need a challenge.
Did Syrians really have a choice?
March and April were especially busy months for the aid transparency community.
On nearby streets, houses and businesses were destroyed.
Also, two videos have recorded for each country
anything the traffic will bear.
I thought they had no body and no evidence?
The following are some of the tweets with which the group has been received
I was born in Africa.
Any individual is allowed to leave, or return to, any country including his own.
My family is not rich, so instead of donations I tried to volunteer my time and service.
How the youth policies are managed now will determine the future development of the country.
Their truth, I suspect, might be this
There is nothing left to save
The plan, also known as Operation
The event was organized by the Fund.
A couple has just married, but tens of thousands of dollars are already spent.
It also affected the tourism industry.
Let us pay the full price for oil and food.
The police on the attack by now.
If you have no notion of what violent crime does to a society you need to visit Jamaica.
Interesting, but then we are talking about Nigeria.
Therefore, get ready to pay us.
Now he will be playing as others conduct.
Showing respect for the winner?
They produce a point of view, a reflection, an image, an idea.
And there is no one to help.
Once I saw an old lady walking home, carrying a plant she pulled out of the ground.
The movement published its stance on its Facebook page
Which one do I keep?
will anyone care for them?
Various citizen and youth groups are being formed across the country to raise awareness about climate change.
And after all, even if you write about all this, what is the new thing that you will say?
One of the reasons to celebrate, she adds, is because Obama will bring
Who would be considered as a journalist in this case?
And THAT is the bit that had been blocked.
Many Turkish bloggers wrote first hand accounts of their celebrations of this holiday including
In Russian society today, even obvious questions about good and evil have become impossible.
That definitely comes through in my work and I deal with it every single day.
I see journalists that a dictator has no choice but to ban.
How did I even wind up here?
Why is it that people most often notice and remember negative images?
The blogger explains that the work will continue on the website of the Lebanese Jewish Community Council in Beirut.
Still, voting for the wrong team in the Eurovision Song Contest hardly seems like a matter of national security.
Our old world needs peace.
In addition, other countries in the region and abroad have refused to recognize the results.
This ban received a big reaction on social media.
Before the race, he tweeted
Take a look at some of his photos below.
Be part of something big
As the Zambian Post reported
We see all kinds of work.
one the last bloody photo, and another one with you...
and I am left to this silence.
Since then, several people have been injured and multiple vehicles owned mostly by Muslims have been destroyed.
Imagine living in a country as conservative and as religious as Yemen.
Sunday night, we get shocked with the visit from the police with an order to close.
It made no sense to him.
Guess which group we belong to.
According to some news agencies, he is not certain if he should take the risk again.
This visit took place last Ramadan.
If one is afraid of the camera, he should correct it.
while a man draws more members into it...
What keeps the team motivated?
Then, we heard my voice on the radio.
A security source confirmed that residents heard a double explosion.
Arab bloggers have been paying tribute.
Press and information freedom could not be sold.
So what have I been up to recently?
The rest of us are just ordinary Internet users.
Will the will of the people be heard?
Indeed, I found out responses from his Tweets are encouraging
New Research Information Not Found
Increasingly, threats began to take different forms
Each individual must be in his own place and do that which he must do.
What is the fear for then?
Everything they say or promise will leave its print on the internet, for everyone to see.
Social media play an increasingly important role in daily life.
But the secret itself was just as hard.
Blogs require time and resources.
Everyone is equal under the law.
Global Voices Some bit of not so bad news
A statement from them on Facebook read
Do I have to run everything by the ministry before posting?
These rates are low also for regional standards
Very few organizations are looking to develop sports and help creative youth progress.
And for a long time, this is not me.
Republished under a Creative Commons License.
The Cambodian government banned that report.
Here comes another end of academic school year, another summer holiday ...
What are all those statements about?
AS GOD IS OUR WITNESS..
LJ is a mass medium.
It never did and it never will.
Was there even permission granted?
Many bloggers came forward and opened up about their experiences.
They never called him by name, although he had one.
The day after, Hamas will try to continue its usual policies.
However, readers still commented on this story on the Our Man in Cameroon blog.
He requested not to take the classes, but his request was turned down by the school.
It is still unclear what really happened.
While some bloggers content themselves with offering kind wishes, others focus on diverse topics related to the holiday.
It seemed like a job.
such pictures should count as Hate Speech against Girls
Or were those who died innocent people who happened to be at the wrong place at the wrong time?
And they allow people to monitor elections.
Let them see for themselves.
come on no one is wearing them me
We therefore request from the authorities of Dubai the creation of
No one can be blamed for that.
Visiting is the main activity of the day after church.
One of the signs in the protest said
Since then we have not heard any progress of the investigation.
Thank you for the victory
We link to both of these guys a lot.
But after watching it for an episode or two, I found myself following it.
What do you blog about mainly?
The blogger adds that even in the heart of Tehran, Ahmadinejad needs heavy security forces to move around.
These are not the only difficulties facing the government.
What about the people who are scared of Muslims coming from Syria?
Of course, there was another factor.
Both of them did communicate one central theme
From what I understand they are being kept there in order to show them off later as terrorists.
Now I am in the UK, waiting to hear the result of my asylum case.
He remembered exactly when he had lived through it before, and he had something to prove he had.
Four members of the editorial team at Caribbean Beat magazine including myself will be posting.
Most of them are Syrians and Palestinians.
However, there is strong resistance.
This is part of her story
I have some plans I wish to implement soon.
On to reading the news from Ukraine.
This is INTERNET, How come you have right to stop people access to this network?
However he also pointed out
This report was soon followed by more detailed posts by other bloggers
Basically it is all about common sense.
Only the regime and the world powers know what happened.
No matter which institution you go to, nobody will help you.
We are currently planning the official launch party to celebrate the success we have had...
How do you respect yourself or how your family respect you, if he is your legal guardian?
Do not blame my father until the end of the investigation.
Were they going to see our children?
President Obama to make Morocco the home for his first foreign policy speech abroad.
He himself is one of the official.
A crowd gathered outside the main mosque downtown.
Users have received this message when attempting to go to the site
Internet access is too expensive.
I was moved by the hundreds of comments left on those news items.
Therefore, they can keep their own opinions instead of changing their original goals.
Text on the top left
The opinions are rather diverse.
just got off phone with a friend in Egypt
Others right should be protected.
The message I carry in me is that
So what explanation do I have?
A complete list of all the schools is here.
What is its primary goal?
Times have changed my people.
Who will know her name aside from her family and the people of her community?
The plan is to provide electricity at night for security and a few hours during the day.
Their English was also very bad.
Many bloggers that were at the protest wrote about the incident.
What are the reactions of Southeast Asian bloggers and residents?
Apparently, there are some people inside.
It will make all the difference.
We just wanted an answer, someone to say what happened.
But I must say it was not my initial intention.
What ever we think we must respect his decision to run again as this is his right.
This is nothing to do with America.
Or bloggers, if you will.
I do not want the tragedy of his father to be repeated.
US Virtual Embassy for Tehran  Global Voices Jamaica
Are they happy when spending the money?
Regional and local authorities say they are working towards that.
However, the event came with mixed messages
at least where we live.
What if others try the same in their countries?
I am well and truly sorry.
On Citizen Journalism  Global Voices Moving Images, Moving People
Things remained relatively quiet since then.
Is North Korea Planning to Kill South Korean Defense Minister?
Best Creative Writing Blog and Kenyan Blog of the Year.
Official media, as if to counter support showed on social media, have been attacking him.
some say that Xi wants to demonstrate to the world that he is in control of the military force.
How did the police treat you and how do you feel about them now?
It was the old story.
A Vietnamese activist blogger faces tax fraud charges.
A Journey has high hopes for India in this event
That is when the first information appeared online.
They also banned people from taking pictures with a normal camera.
They were released the following day.
Local schools remained closed in the wake of the violence.
As it seemed to be her last concern, he writes...
We cannot continue as before.
There is a single comment on her post.
Sometimes this information is made available by governments themselves.
The bloggers wrote in their statement
This is an interesting conflict.
Always speak your own languages if you can.
Photo taken by the author and used with permission.
We are ahead of Ukraine.
Or, at least it seems.
She then wondered, how are we supposed to react to a scene like this one.
My friends were happy for me when I told them about it.
In one such post he writes
Digital communication is at the heart of our information and awareness strategy.
And this is how it has been.
In which countries is the programme running and why?
It means that the industry, brother, is working.
The pictures say more than a million words ...
Was anything going to change with these local elections?
East Coast Radio Sri Lanka
I hear you say.
This blog has received tens of thousands of new visitors in one week alone.
What might be the consequences of this new research?
I admit that there are people who may say this.
Users are invited to volunteer for a survey about the response they received from the company in question.
Blogger says God knows Islamic Republic is a model for whom?
These are promises of different kinds.
Another victim of the fighting is freedom of speech.
We want to provide resources to run programs for the future.
This is hardly a revolution.
He took down my name, license number, address and phone number.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
Further information on elections in Israel is available from Wikipedia here.
He returned to Gaza, via Free Gaza again, before Israel began its war on Gaza.
They instead chose to blame Egypt.
things like freedom and democracy.
Now it is the newspapers that are the target.
The report shows that Facebook is the most popular social media platform among media houses in Ghana than Twitter.
The music video is all one take.
Do you know how many suspected cases have turned out to be negative?
Concerned about the future of women in public spaces, a netizen tweeted in support
It will only increase the national security risk.
Especially if they start a good shooting series, they are no joke.
And because it is still standing.
which the media apparently plays up.
First let us look at the developed countries.
That got him writing about the differences between the Singapore and Malaysian systems of education.
Their response was even worse.
And the name was born.
The International Crisis Group explains the situation
Or was it yesterday, or tomorrow.
The blogger also asked the Islamic world to condemn the film and not to remain silent.
It seems, one need not be learned to know how to blog, it is after all, a tool.
Some Western mainstream media did.
a situation which is affecting their marriage.
How did we get here?
Activists in Israel, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon, Palestine, and Syria are all expected to participate.
Obviously I put up the resistance.
Bloggers are writing about what they are seeing around them, while others are writing about possible solutions.
What have they all got in common?
Many have brought friends and families.
We Israelis go to war.
It should come as no surprise that we at Global Voices have also discussed the matter.
But why should we africans be surprised?
She finds it normal, something like that is natural.
The Armenian Blogosphere had never seen so much activity.
Not only those bombing and burning, but also those supporting terror.
Except now they are acting with the approval of the National Police Agency from the top down.
Thousands of people who need to be heard.
Many wonder if this new movement will continue, and whether it could spread to other towns and cities.
The bloggers also joined in with their own campaign.
I knew I did not need to be scared.
Further results of elections in Chilean government.
Also, there is not a single complaint so what can I comment.
Here are some simple solutions
The people are still waiting
Their political influence should also be exposed.
It was closer to home than I thought.
Actually, through government policies we can change the situation that is making us worried.
What red lines do you exactly mean, then?
In the statement they made via lawyers they highlighted two demands
There is also the current context to consider
When he died, I took responsibility for his books and gave most of them to the College de France.
We are children of the world.
How can Twitter be used in Africa?
That has been my experience and I try to do that.
He has received various threats and he is wanted by the Syrian regime.
There are other solutions to problems.
An offensive social media post.
that is why I SUPPORT ASYLUM in Venezuela
what was the reason for that??
It is a cultural Arabic website.
They never want to solve anything, they never did.
Take the people from the government department out and shoot them.
Does this help Bahrain in any way?
And the group is growing, as children get married, and so their extended family gets added.
bad when and as it occurred.
On Sunday morning I started calling again about getting help for my village.
Thank God that there are still people who have not given up on their country.
Nothing we can do or say will bring him back.
Many things happened while i was in Morocco.
Which part of Ugandan schools has no minimum access to information on safe sex?
Posts about the protest include
past and present  Global Voices Korean sex trafficking
This is the first major terror act in Belarus.
Who will give us our lost future?
What is Team Building in the Filipino Language?
It is up to the media.
Indeed, the Association for Civil Rights in Israel described it in the following manner
It is because she is working for Apple Daily, a local newspapers which is critical towards the government.
In the end, by the very registration of an account, you have agreed to the terms of service...
The reports are half an hour apart.
That bloggers really have a role to play as an information source.
For those who put their trust in Him He still says every day again
Have you tried any of these?
Let him be all right.
We all live in . Our children are raised here.
What do Iran, Pakistan and Russia have in common?
No one could have been ready for this kind of rain.
The number of signatures collected in support of the new law.
Second, they would face an huge popular protest.
Foreign journalists gain nothing from reporting about you.
No doubt, in time, it will.
In their search for answers, parents travel through heavy security.
Another journalist was arrested too.
Yet negative reactions also followed.
An analysis of the results reveals how divided the UK is on the matter.
There has never been a successful presidential election petition on the African continent.
I suggest those outside the wall help your fellow from inside to know the truth.
Nobody knows what will happen next.
The idea was to go further.
Why are you showing Israel from such a negative perspective?
Connection is very expensive via the phone line, they should reduce the costs.
The blogger writes  ...
Some politicians will argue that flooding is a natural disaster.
Return to the standing position.
However, the sanctions had a different effect.
However, the army sent an officer to meet him at his house.
September is a special month in Mexico.
They learn the knowledge, not the values.
We can do almost whatever we want to do.
He was given only an hour and a half to meet with a lawyer approved by the court.
The electricity came yesterday evening, and when I opened my eyes in the morning the electricity was still there.
This week the six party talk was held in BeiJing trying to resolve North Korea nuclear crisis.
But it was the third one that fell apart.
What is your opinion about that?
Anything anyone did he did bigger.
Read our latest blog and get inspired
Kyiv was the first city where the new police started working.
And now I could understand her.
Voters in Southern Sudan went to the polls today to decide whether to separate or remain part of Sudan.
We should say things the way they are.
Invite even one of your people to support us
Behind every terrorist stand dozens of men and women, without whom he could not engage in terrorism.
She ? was forced to remove her blog in July because...
She points out that being a female in the business can have its benefits.
Every day closer to the election
Who Do We Lose With Internet Censorship and Control?
She did not avoid talking about problems.
I am the editor and the only person responsible for its content.
We, Muslims, are against terrorists.
he insisted we must meet.
The blogger describes his first day in Malaysia.
A Tehran based blogger confirmed this news to Global Voices.
Actually I cover Asia, but not Middle East.
Read our previous post for details on this issue.
Once a post is shared, a list of everyone who shares it is visible.
Now, I understand them better...
This is just like the movie.
Obviously I said that was the case.
What are the most important issues affecting your culture, country, and region today?
Christmas Day is not typically celebrated in Japan.
Now it has become the most famous street food in major cities
Global Voices Online covered the story here.
It is time to celebrate
There were serious violations all over.
In fact those people might benefit from her appointment.
As we can see, the area is well under Ukrainian control.
The problem is that they can.
Is That Good or Bad?
Later, towards the end of the day, he noted more of the voting conditions and concluded
Online Education should be free.
There was, of course, no hope it really would be that simple.
What is more significant is the day that this match is being played on.
The society will not accept it as a holiday
Our living spaces are getting smaller and smaller, while more and more expensive.
Shame on all of you.
But, what do the young Indians think about the film?
We are not at war with any nations.
How has having a blog helped you?
According to the World Bank report, the price is ten times higher than developed countries.
The movement has not only taken the streets.
Is this what you want?
A number of these individuals refuse to go to camps.
And the result is the same
He can make you work papers.
It is against Hindu religion and way of life, in reality.
The appeal is available in more than a dozen languages.
The image from this activity called Generation of Change can be seen here.
Why all of these protests?
This place has never let me down.
This is, after all, a country that recently voted for Barack Obama.
Most have not even announced lists of parliamentary candidates
Bloggers are so diverse and may not want to belong to one big group for one reason or another.
Be creative, see what you can find around the house.
However, even inside the building, they did not feel welcome
I would like to become lawyer and the ambassador in Germany.
These men were without capital or experience.
Will money and employment become available?
Global voices Online and the Best of Blogs Awards share a common mission
My sister is a journalist.
One group has this message
mass and independent, have a part to play in this struggle?
What does it actually say?
Guess the ban has been implemented.
I fell in love with the small city.
All these websites store data about you
What will you say in your defense?
Fun fact while you sit in Traffic.
I talk a lot about this subject, trying to promote my concern through the radio, newspapers and blogs.
In an army intelligence center, they started asking her about what she was doing.
This is one example of why.
Then, the ruling party reacted
Global Voices My Life, an Open Book...
I believe she can understand what I wrote in the letters.
A controversy in the latest Big Brother??
Soon that too will end.
The country has made much progress since then.
The US allows photo taking.
Poverty gives rise to the desire for change.
There are four principles, in my understanding, that Cuba should follow
you just lost the game.
He stood watching the girl, wondering what was coming next.
See what UK government is doing.
They would rather not have that income than have their wife involved in an association.
Would you like to contribute as well?
Why did it take so long to do something so simple?
You can get in and out whenever you need.
Of at least, those who knew of him.
has posts about it as well.
Dirty water is to blame.
Power lines are down and communication is barely working.
Its worth as a place to live.
They finished their hunger strike on Sunday evening.
When she came to, everything was quiet and she saw dead bodies around her.
Was it hard to buy?
Opposing the war comes from thinking we need to try other ways.
In addition, local television stations developed.
As we all suspected, or as some of us surely knew
What the hell is wrong with the weather in Qatar?
Also to make is easier for the members of the Supreme Council of Armed Forces.
So this dialogue between the past and the long history is very important in my work.
Her main difference is the language she uses.
This post is part of our special coverage Refugees.
And added to that was his failure to communicate to the concerned authorities.
That does not mean people are stupid, it is just the way they are.
We say return democracy and the rule of law to Fiji now.
Terrorism charges are nothing new for journalists in Ethiopia.
So, which one is it Israel?
better than what and or who??
Now, can we do anything about it?
Basically, the government should mind its own business.
Two posts are of particular interest.
WHAT DO THE PALESTINIANS WANT?
To my new Pakistani friends
But as the game started, Ghana proved that was not going to happen.
its owner has what you might call a mission.
We will need help, my friend, we will need help of all kinds.
But not for all of them.
Below is a translation of a funny short story circulated in Chinese social media
How much did they do when they were in the system?
This is not the case.
a great report on the people who actually earn the minimum wage
This minority, however, spoke for all of Egypt...
Of course he might never do the same for an ordinary Serbian citizen but an American...
This report is all lies
The video went viral on different platforms, drawing attention to the problem.
No one in my neighborhood knows what I do.
Among the search results I found this
Many media outlets covered the action.
They should instead support them and we hope we can set some example.
He is gone now and words are no longer useful.
She looked down at her hands, too.
There are a lot of developing countries getting into the space business.
There is a problem here.
We have returned to several previously abandoned positions.
He fought it, seeking to kill the last few words, but on they came out.
And it was one of anger and frustration.
Obviously there are other reasons, and it is a complex situation.
The leader of the newly established Philippine Republic was described as a dictator
It is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy.
It is actually still closed.
In most cases they tried anything and many sick wishes could cross their minds.
Among those still at large, four are facing the death penalty.
I listen, trying to remain calm.
I am a citizen of Georgia.
So this is the way we live now.
Of course, and thanks to them it could go to a second round.
The original post in Spanish can be seen here.
Just what sort of message is it?
We developed a very good relationship.
Then tell me, what can these poor people do?
Iraq Rising has another long post on Islam.
Bloggers on the live chat found all these things encouraging.
If we do so, please prepare yourself for symbol war.
A statement issued by the Yemeni American Coalition for Change, the organizers of the rally said
I thought that there was a difference until very recently, when I was forced to be aware of something.
They will not give up now.
However, with time, you feel the need to give something back to your place of origin.
Why are Rice Farmers Protesting in Thailand?
I had no choice but to accept the charges.
This is our final edition.
At this point, your life is stuck, so you investigate.
keep the original the way you have it but allow people to...
and so what does he do?
She then asked me what my name is and I told her...
The people have made up their minds.
They are no longer able to open the doors by themselves
Bad enough that death penalty exists.
And of course, there are those who like it.
I know that Baghdad is not the same Baghdad.
From the USA, I am waiting for the good news of your freedom.
Another Language Challenge from Peru
Sometimes people are called, sometimes people speak out.
Keep sending links our way.
Turned around to look at others.
It is sad to see Pakistan walk down that same road.
Too much to explain on this important day.
however those who do not frequently face social pressure to do so.
Social Media in Kyrgyz politics
It is about acting, not only for an individual gain but for Ethiopia.
They can do anything and get away with it.
I want to tell the Kazakh minister I do not agree with his words.
Are we willing to put an office in Ukraine?
Also, now many more students are writing their own stories.
We are not leaving anywhere. all they do is wait for us all to leave.
English translation of statement from Bahrain news agency
My declaration is accessible to all.
Other bloggers, however, are focused on more controversial issues.
The visual experience is strong.
Violence is in the air.
Thousands of old photos of Lebanon and the Middle East.
We kept calling but it arrived an hour later.
Free Jailed Tunisian Students were created.
This drew criticism from many Vietnamese individuals and groups
Everyone who took part in the action was released that night.
Bridge Blog for Afghanistan and Pakistan
The Army and Democracy  Global Voices United We Blog
I can see three hands.
Every eye was on him as he began to speak.
The main question here is
Why is the Ethiopian government afraid of bloggers?
Going for a nice run.
About the current situation, he writes
free software is a social movement.
Everyday life  Global Voices Everyday life in Nepal captured in photographs at United We Blog
However, a woman was killed, and six people have been injured.
An enemy that targets civilians and children.
Consider the world as a kind of big mind.
You came to show us how much younger we had become.
So we get all get together to share our plans and problems and see each other face to face.
But everyone would still fall to the ground.
The words that were used have changed that day.
We wonder if Apple might take note
Welcome to the Internet of things.
But it is almost open knowledge in India that the practice takes place.
But the whole world is watching.
Some may say Al Jazeera is here.
For me, he was both Lebanon or the best about Lebanon and Palestine.
Much joy to these two friends
Others were from people who had allegedly entered , and had complained.
Many who have become the source of information need to become very responsible with our posts.
I have to say this...
All The Way To China?
He offers some reasons on his blog.
The man reacted and began shooting, killing the officer.
But instead he is in prison.
Below are some of the tweets using the hashtag
widely shared on social media.
No Muslim to date has bought shame to Barbados.
But my son is a different person now.
A new Brazil is born.
It is perhaps more a mental state and place than a physical one.
in the service of the truth and the other uses
She knew where to come.
What will this country turn to?
I will not be surprised to see her win the first round of the election next week.
Such a different world we the Lebanese live in.
I know this girl because she went to the same school as I did.
Being a member of this group is equal to being a member of our movement.
Now everybody is able to view personal information of other users.
We agree that there are certain kinds of information that deserve some degree of protection.
The other four members appointed are
who really won the elections this past Sunday?
But there was a reason it was so organized.
In February, I joined the group to help with online campaigning.
Liked them all for different reasons.
and many others out there.
As FIFA described on its official page
The next day, there I was back in Burkina.
it is a way of life.
In schools, talking about the latest mobile phone, fashion, or even car is a now a trend.
by getting down to work.
The fact that RuNet had been a relatively closed online environment is not new.
He thinks it was expected.
Talking down to them does not make us any better.
Or are his parents supporting him?
Social media tools are being used too for job applications.
However, the last few years of your life, things seem to be changing.
They then ask to return them home to rest.
He built a very beautiful country and made Cambodia once as the most beautiful country in Asia.
with them, or with Mubarak.
See here for a detailed explanation of that reform.
Tweet, share a photograph, send a letter, make a statement, write a blog post.
But what is left unclear is whether there is a connection between the two.
When was his first tweet?
I grew up in Madagascar.
Actively calling for boycott during an electoral campaign is considered illegal in Morocco.
And opinions from the bloggers
But one blogger did not forget the occasion.
is this the democracy we should be voting for?
In that respect one might get the impression that the authorities are not interested in promoting this medium.
Who You Be blog welcome message
Last of Iraqis takes a look at all aspects of the crisis
Currently the border between Armenia and Turkey is closed.
United We Blog has some of the best reporting.
He also posts a video and some photos
Challenges of Shopping Online  Global Voices David explains the challenges of shopping online in Nigeria
And here I would like to ask
Nor is it to put an end to the year.
An Action Aid official is quoted in the same podcast as saying
Explain it to the people in the streets, in a fashion that we can all understand?
You can read more about her background here and here.
Read the first essay of the series
There is no doubt in my mind.
Have you had a hard time watching the World Cup on TV?
What was missing among them?
So we shall survive this time too.
Here, to speak publicly is so dangerous that keeping silence is the best way to survive.
I am trying to fight the fire here, but the second room is burning.
Whether it does actually work or not I cannot answer.
Do Arab Men Hate Women?
And love is a beautiful thing.
I want to be active.
European Youth Press Monitoring site is up and running.
But she is finding it difficult to talk.
They only know that death is a possibility.
It is women who suffer most from the consequences of war
I tend to question everything and believe that nothing in the world is black and white.
How we deal with the refugees reflects on how we look at ourselves.
No such crisis took place.
You will go to see her, but ...
This post also appears in Global Voices Advocacy.
It should be noted that the majority of Russians do not accept democracy themselves.
How am I supposed to be happy with my things?
Give her time to miss you.
Below are some reactions on Facebook and Twitter
But at the train station it is more than just a group of young volunteers helping the refugees.
I make the money, so I set the rules
The American was sentenced to seven years of hard labour and imprisonment.
In this matter, the relevant existing laws apply.
Better informed citizens make better decisions about their lives and their government.
weather  Global Voices Most people think that Nepal is very cold.
If you did something wrong, then you should be responsible for it.
This is clear in every match.
Global Voices Protest in favor of LGBT rights in Puerto Rico.
Things like that would increase rather than be done away with.
Help us stand up for those who cannot speak for themselves.
They should let me enter eventually.
Can you hear the silence?
She describes the month of Ramadan as
It is hard for any father to be in this situation ...
Send us links to blogs you would like us to link to, including your own.
He would have to do something on his own.
So I decided to learn fast.
This post was also translated by the author.
Image widely circulated on Twitter.
People want some kind of entertainment so the whole day would pass.
In two days they caught the whole gang.
Citizens from this community have been using blogs and social networks to report on the current conflict.
Three thoughts came together during the event
Our site was very popular but not as much as it was on Twitter.
The Best Green Blog is...
How does that make you feel?
Flag Day  Global Voices Today is Flag Day in Haiti.
Why they are not working?
introduces the history and development of Korean Pop song.
An African Voice Telling the African Story  Global Voices Africa
No one is going anywhere on Thursday.
But life goes on like this...
Why was it important for Trinidad and Tobago to have a climate change march?
Zambia Medium Forum is a discussion group whose members are mostly Zambian journalists and Civil Society activists.
She can wear whatever she wants to wear.
We will attack all the media houses that are involved in carrying out propaganda against us.
There was no one to discuss it with.
Twitter for SMS is great, but how we take on the challenge of blogging is a whole new question.
Did you consider using any online tools to improve the security of your information?
His most recent update says
Tell me this is a joke.
Provide a name card for each new member.
There are still dead bodies in the streets.
Please join this international movement to call for peace in South Sudan and Sudan.
People are right to go out and protest
People like that need help.
You can find all this, and more, on their website.
Please do take a look.
Live life one day at a time and when the time comes, die with a quiet dignity.
from the world of music.
He died a few days later.
There are a lot of popular things that they talk about.
Now, his parents found more people sharing the same experience.
So am I happy to get to hear much less of him
Many of the blogs listed are not even media or marketing blogs.
How Can Telegram Users Protect Themselves?
otherwise no peace is possible.
Yet they refuse to live by it and what it means.
Do citizens believe that they will get justice if they leave it up to the state?
So this leads back to the initial question of what the problem is.
Second, i like to listen. and ask questions of course.
Please do not forget all the good I have done.
Until today, I keep receiving death threats.
In fact, the whole quote goes as follows
The thoughts and comments to this post by the readers are mixed.
Their home culture was not French.
We passed his house and school on the way.
Latest developments suggest this will likely never happen.
So far, their only response has been to tell them to calm down.
not only our close friends.
I have visited Vietnam many times.
She also shared some of her own
People need to admit it
Like the majority of us, it is a victim, too.
The whole house is moving.
It was all over the country.
The public security officers have committed crime on purpose and are they allowed to do that?
But authorities were probably too busy providing security for the electoral process to actually care.
It seems to us you are the best, so our band would like to register with you.
Please contact me if you are interested in joining the team.
As an American, I have to say, not fair
Two years later, I came out to my family and was accepted by them.
A Black Day for Progressive?
The big danger is that he will turn to China for support.
Now my neighbors also support the idea of separate waste collection.
After a few minutes chat, they were on their way to have sex.
This is politics, not religion.
This helps prevent even worse consequences.
Human Rights Watch condemned the resolution.
Audience reaction has been amazing
But it has not been implemented with such force in the past.
Two houses in the town proper were burned down as well.
However, the military continued to remain a red line that is hard to cross by the media.
What are you doing to make it visible?
Censorship has a deep impact on Turkish society.
I live in Dhaka City with my family.
But the reality was not so simple.
This next video shows what are allegedly the first images of the attack.
Where do they find the courage?
However, their presence on stage
if they are approved, a task is considered complete.
When we look at a situation, we need to separate our feelings from the facts of the situation.
No one can deny that.
Photo by US Department of Defense, released to public domain.
Flooded village in the Philippines.
in the order of justice.
Whether you like it or not.
She knows she has her work cut out for her.
the world would be a better place.
What are the Internet users saying?
Also there was no place for people to throw away their waste.
It was almost too easy.
Should children even watch ISIS crimes shared on video?
What about the freedom of the press in Russia?
It just takes a bit of practice and hard work.
Body parts for cash  Global Voices What about body parts for cash in South Africa?
Finally, a note about talking about sex in Georgia.
Her friend explains why she must go to work everyday dressed in black and with her head covered
The website will continue working in the same capacity in the late fall and winter, and early spring.
Why did they need to react online and leave comments?
All these events have generated some, but not a lot, of reactions from the Peruvian blogosphere.
One of my favorite scenes.
But I think we have been doing our job already.
The latest assault Currently all these websites remain banned in Turkey.
We just need to get our voice to the international stage.
Should we lose hope and put up with it?
From talking to people who have internal information I got the following picture
It will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the Church.
He calls it the real national shame.
There are things that have been recorded, and there are things that have been forgotten.
Today we drink to his leaving.
The police were barely visible.
It was hard as hell.
international observers and human rights groups have also criticized the election process.
How will the money be used?
The blog aims at monitoring the coverage of the Arab region in the most influential mainstream media outlets.
Hold your head up high.
The new national drink of Bahrain
And you bring to bear all the skills you have as a writer to the post.
I want this day to start over.
I am worried about the power given to our police.
Most are children, women and the elderly.
Bush is coming to town, and the media are here.
But at no point was I certain that leaving would be the right decision.
In this competition, there are only two teams.
A four month period has been allowed for this process.
Very few know me personally.
It is not unlikely for Iraqi soldiers to commit such acts...
May the next Eid we celebrate be in freedom and peace.
In the post she wrote
Food prices have gone up.
I hope this news have not turned off anyone from visiting this place.
They were losing hope of ever seeing him again
Not telling you a secret that I would not be able to watch the World Cup ...
Why have you decided to found your own social network?
No doubt the Uganda opposition uses social media much better than the government.
We are all scared of losing our benefits, our quiet life.
This brings us to our argument for the need for a common Emergency Services.
I was little and knew little about the abuse.
We have also seen the power of faith at work among us.
Below are some photos from many countries expressing support for Malaysia
Personally, I only yesterday found out about the existence of this website.
And they say that the others are sectarian.
Every member of the family must have a vital place in its life.
Following are the winning blogs
A similar message is expressed by another blogger.
Flickr photo by Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Australia.
See how they plan to celebrate the occasion, here.
Continue reading the post here.
My friends are waiting at the airport.
And after bombing, he expressed what he felt in a long post entitled
I just have one condition
She has also used Facebook to announce policies in the past.
How did you come up with the idea of the book?
The reporter is saying that on of the burning cars belong to a member of parliament.
And a few more remarks
May God provide you peace over time.
Politicians contributed to the tweets as well.
You have all our support.
Should we not be holding the President to accountability on this one?
He is, after all, doing what Singapore likes to do
Why do they like Pakistan?
I suspect it is actually equal parts religious and political, if not more of the latter.
And everyone left in the office seems to agree.
Despite having business and tourism ties, Indonesia and Israel have no formal diplomatic relations.
And as usual, the opinions are as diverse as the political point of views of the writers.
He also faces the death penalty.
transportation and roads, security, social issues, city infrastructure and crime.
News of her passing was confirmed and widely shared on social media.
Then a week ago Ali got a call.
Peace is not the absence of difference or debate.
she also provides background information on the University.
Behind me one Serbian man and a Armenian lady start a conversation.
They are a success story for poor people the world over, not just refugees.
Can the power of one save the nation?
Photo from their Facebook page.
The church yesterday organized a service that was well attended.
If they could react to the floods as effectively , that would be great.
Youth Awareness blog was the first to comment on the list
Universities in Iraq are mixed...
They published this open latter on the page
Like get over it and move on already, Russia
But we need to carry on with our main job, to write more.
Where is his message to the nation?
Traditional Arabic has always been the common language between us, and the one that we all understand easily.
It got worse instead of better.
A peaceful sit in turned into clashes because of the Central Security forces attack on the protesters.
Changes take place every now and then.
Read more related articles on our Venezuela special coverage.
I never felt alone in that case.
In the photo essay born to work he shares the issue of child labor
Religious diversity calls for a more objective and universal understanding of the foundation of human rights.
What is the legal ground for such restrictions of personal freedom?
A similar conference with different organizers, Science Online London, took place in September this year.
In the comment section, there are some opinions on the issue.
What are the challenges facing citizen science?
She managed to get out.
What is the relationship between blogs in your country or region and the mainstream media?
You have to take into account why people leave in the first place.
Let it stand for a few more minutes.
how returned overseas chinese viewed by locals?
Visit the official site of the games.
Some victims said that the police spread some green oil onto their eyes.
Are you in touch with Iranian artists and the art scene in Iran in recent years?
Conversations about these subjects must be encouraged and brought out of closed walls.
You are telling everybody that you are fine.
Readers were divided in their opinions.
But a few hours later, a series of new events took place in Cairo.
I have noticed a number of my ideas being implemented even by authorities concerned.
Many of them lost hope and are not able to carry on.
Worth listening to these children.
He concludes at the end
It suggests your readers just to see it.
Their votes would also determine if the next Chief Executive would have a high popularity.
He should be asked the following questions
How did the authorities know this man had voted for the Armenians?
That would be the end of us.
Making Connections was also another Armenian blog concerned by the coverage
In a group of special people, he was the most special.
Like a man from a collective farm
James is also a blogger.
In the past weeks I have faced pressure from all sides.
The case is now under investigation.
Do something simple and kind.
Some of the slogans used in the protests included
How Many Women Have Been Subject to Sexual Harassment?
She describes the project in her first post
The criminal case is not initiated by them.
Then my husband and I started a family, we had five kids.
While the letter points out the things BBC has recently reported about Nigeria, the BBC further said
So the military police chose to make a scene in order to arrest people of legal age.
Write a post that will be read by a few thousands but will leave millions exposed to Israeli propaganda?
Ten years have passed since that time, but we still have friendly relations and recently performed together.
That year, it was one week before citizens went to the polls.
We prefer to focus ourselves on our potential.
Where is the United Nations?
Note that I am not saying the global support we received is not helping us.
The tragedy caused everyone to back him up
Only then can we move forward.
Why just this bit in English?
Enough already with the Iranian threat.
You have to admit Germany its clear right to rid itself of its Jews.
What we have this morning is no longer the Venezuela story you thought you understood.
So I ask you, openly, to tell the nation why these people required your personal attention and presence.
Seeing Red in China has translated the joint statement into English.
And as for the government
Is it all in the name of religion?
We have seen this before.
On the websites popularity front, there are a few changes as well.
However, the Beijing police claim that the case was a suicide and refuse any further investigation.
I told her but she did not care.
Four police officers were reported to be injured, and two locals were arrested.
Latin Americans Blogging From Abroad
For the Palestinians, he became the symbol of the hunger strike strategy.
And then there are the homeless.
both the good and the bad.
It is surely a piece of fishing line, from the feel of it.
There is still a lot to do, but nothing is impossible.
A website can take several minutes to open and even hours to see a video.
The celebration of Christmas in Cuba was also a reason for analysis in some blogs.
These have not been free from controversy.
Back to natural selection where the strong survive.
You can sign the petition here.
If laws are developed, people will improve too in a natural way.
She certainly looked Japanese, and perhaps she could not really blame the young men.
We have to continue working on it across the region.
Who in government is listening?
and that seek to, at the same time, see that justice is done and keep memories alive.
What would you like to be remembered for?
How can the independent blogs not part of the campaign be a part of the Assembly election process?
RuNet Echo has translated some of his statements below.
Was it a marketing decision?
Concert for Peace  Global Voices But the event was also surrounded by controversy.
Following are some of comments readers have left
It is not good if we look down on each other, because we all know each other, play fair.
Helping map experiences of street harassment in Delhi.
Almost every Lebanese was affected in one way or another.
Today has been a sad day.
Not everyone in Fiji is critical of the recent government moves.
Well at least he stood by his word
if we take Af above, that will be large enough.
Does this Facebook have an owner or not?
A flickr photo set by John and Sarah on the same.
It was a month full of football all around the world.
There is no doubt about that Iranian government does not care about the health of the citizen.
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
We live in the world where minds have stopped working.
There is nothing wrong with the African land or climate or water or air or anything else.
The petition is addressed to the National Mining Agency of Colombia and other institutions.
She is also a blogger.
No debate, however, is without an Ethiopian reference.
He has two blogs that I am aware of
Continue reading this post, and visit his previous reports on this event
One hell of a terrorist attack in London.
Slightly used President for sale.
A series of rallies were held during the first weekend of November
Elections may not result in the best elected to office, but bring out those who get the most votes.
There are two car seats.
The website explains how it puts together the stories it publishes on a monthly basis
At their first meeting, both children are surprised.
This ban will last until they figure out how to keep it safe.
Why do you think so?
Even the ones who live in Cairo
It seems people get used to seeing such scenes.
But it is not a secret that one has to be able to fight for justice.
However hard you try to block the Internet, people will find a way.
We cannot forget that Iran is a vast country.
Better to be close to home.
Where are you from this?
If not, there is no need to talk about the USA when questions are being asked about Iran.
I am sure the family members knew about the corruption if it were true.
Thursday World Blog Roundup  Global Voices Middle East
Her husband is in prison.
How does this initiative factor into a larger tourism plan?
The case has generated a lot of debate on blogs, Facebook and Twitter.
Egypt is on its way to become Pakistan.
Are these people stupid or what?
Everyone in the team contributed their best.
Water is driving the entire region to desperate acts.
The threat is just as real to people.
However, it is almost certain that this song will not be broadcast on state radio or TV.
and also there are government people.
I still feel like the worst is to come...
can have their photographs taken.
In less than half an hour I was a free man.
Questions have been asked here, is the Australian Government behind it?
I think I am not here by accident.
If she could, would she go back to fight with the rebels?
Here are some of online reactions on this.
The game changed in Venezuela last night.
At least, I have found it so.
Get International Bloggers to Judge?
Ecuadorian citizens are concerned about civil security, and they expect that justice might be served after this terrible event.
Today, after much experience about which I can tell you in detail, I came to the following conclusion
That it happens in many places.
Initially, government officials denied the increase in death rates.
Let the pictures tell you their own story.
As we stated in this study
How did you solve the problem?
This raised a question for us
There were about seven to eight police officers.
And it seems to me that Putin has lost his mind.
And once home you thank God
Good news is that it will most likely miss us here.
His release is not a mere issue of humanitarian interest.
begins her analysis of the parliamentary candidates, district by district.
Thank you for showing people the other Caucasus.
And the ability to conduct research on these topics is very important.
I am going to wear it when I go out.
You have to ask yourself everyday
This week, they are talking about two in particular
That would mean accountability and progress.
He also posts about two more cases.
My health is failing me but I keep up all hope that I will be fine.
Here is a video of a protest scene in front of a government building.
Has Portuguese Government Fallen Already?.
Two Bloggers and Student Leader on Hunger Strike in Prison  Global Voices This poster appears on many blogs.
And what better ideas to discuss than ideas about the future.
And a majority of Russians believed him.
People often say that staying young at heart can make you look younger.
To me, they are all the same
International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
The Prime Minister must be so proud.
But the Party would allow no such thing.
Photo widely shared in Twitter.
She brings out the child inside me.
He seems have found something we all have missed for long time.
How did the violence happen?
He does not appear in that photo.
It remains to be seen what the authorities are going to do with this document.
That was when I decided to start writing my first blog, Living In Egypt.
I was scared to blog about it yet I wanted to.
This system of work is called Child Protection Plan.
What are the main questions that you asked in your survey?
You seem to be a big advocate of Malawi.
He believed that they were involved in the fighting yesterday in center city.
So I guess it has a lot to do with this woman.
So as a citizen i cannot learn why i cannot have access to the site.
Indonesian muslims have problems, all right.
A Crisis with Many Names  Global Voices This has been a very difficult week in Puerto Rico
She was released the next day.
There is no choice other than to respect the wishes of the Nigerian people, power belongs to the people.
Is the site of the campaign blocked?
How could you tell the difference?
On the other hand, with this the importance of blogs is also recognized.
How About Other Reporters in Jail?
Justice for Migrant Domestic Workers
However, the march had its share of controversy
Some would call it a track.
Journalists only asked the obvious question.
The answer is simple and unfortunate
The goal of the Summit is to explore the range and importance of online citizen media around the world.
Well done to the police for publishing the photos of those kids.
Do they face different kinds of difficulties?
It seems it is necessary to protest.
It appears that the international community has learned from these events.
Demonstrators showed their solidarity with jailed students.
That was the day it ended.
Whatever reasons are there for the police or the military, human rights violations should not be allowed.
The blogger writes that what India needs is an Obama
And it is up to society itself to decide what is normal and what is not.
Any thoughts on how we can do this?
The roundup of the first week in pictures can be found here.
There is crisis in the whole world right now.
Turkey, Iran, and the United States.
It is good for the party.
She stuck with it and won the battle.
Most of the blog posts oppose the project.
A place that has obviously seen better days.
Providing hope for social plans as he aims to become president.
Some of these individuals even claim to be involved in collecting donations for the rebels.
You become a regular and, who knows, with time perhaps even a friend.
I come to believe that there a different ways Americans value the lives of citizens.
In his post, A day to celebrate,
The sign in Arabic reads
But you say it all will be working in three weeks.
What sort of justice is this?
This is part of the reason we are where we are.
I believe I have the courage and I am not weak.
Solutions are found in open data.
I am interested in great stories and how to make them.
When you are done, you go back to your hotel.
Just like your judiciary is independent so is mine.
Campaigns and Elections  Global Voices United We Blog
Let me remind of something called..
An Official White House Visit to Ethiopia?
Only unity can fight this.
A translation to English by Bolivia Rising gives more details.
Use free and widely available citizen media tools and social media platforms.
There were more before her
That was the first step.
How different can they be?
We would love it if you shared this information in the comments
The service continues to work via another domain.
Protest actions were conducted this weekend and some farmers have threatened to launch more rallies.
But journalists cannot control how information is used.
Do contact them if you need assistance.
An Arab station was in contact with a Serbian Air Force officer named Daniel.
The numbers have attracted attention online.
Many people, however, believe otherwise.
If he is found innocent, release him as soon as possible.
The value of the products you can raise on it.
now, is there any intention to make it a written language?
State media outlets have published several articles condemning the project.
In fact, this far off area of the country has almost been completely forgotten.
This can only be for one of two reasons
And I want to vote for the opposition.
She knows her sister is determined not to let her children go through what she did.
It is unclear how the government will implement this new policy.
We must see it all.
People must have access to information.
Are we supposed to take this woman seriously?
They are millions of steps ahead of CNN and BBC with less resources.
The post also included some videos showing what happened there in her post.
This is the best one.
The book had a deep impact on me.
We Love to Talk, But Do We Speak Out?
Among the sites I came across was Global Voices.
Blogs let us share our thoughts on campaigns for social change that we follow.
A number of community members will then take the donations to the affected workers.
Remember, the Lebanese have taken this before.
Where are you really from?
nothing will be done again.
On Twitter, several people are tweeting from Mumbai, and there appears to be very little information available.
and out of these students
Weibo is not a popular platform.
Used under a Creative commons license.
They talk big sitting in the capital.
how did you discover Global Voices in French and decide to become a volunteer?
Yesterday we made a big step.
For after all, not all editors are necessarily subject experts.
As expected, the Cuban blogosphere was the center of heated debates.
He described that experience in his blog
Photo shared by the Facebook page
The hashtag has to be new and never used before.
One really needs to visit the place to get a proper feel.
if something is too good to be real than probably it is not real.
one, two, three, and four.
In the end, she reflects
Global Voices Make sure you grow while you sleep
Reports about citizens and activists.
There are several interesting blogs there.
The blogger goes on to detail the situation, then says
What should I tell this student?
Not all is well in the media however.
As far as I know at this point, no one in my village died.
This is not an issue of the government or Islam, this is a moral issue...
Leave me alone, Gun thought.
They just turn up to speak in the voice of the truth.
According to one opposition web site, at least four people were killed.
Would someone care to explain to me why we need to make Israel happy?
They were running from something.
What if something happens before then?
So if you know of blogs not listed there please add them.
When did you start blogging and what has motivated you to blog?
The Great Fourth is alive.
Bloggers had a lot to say about that too.
I had done all I could.
How can a person with so much life and energy have died?
But American Muslim Girl adds
My body has gone through lots of suffering.
Blogs are the most free media in Iran and have found their own place in society.
But in general, people have changed their views in the last few years.
They have accepted it before.
He was in Indonesia preparing to take a dangerous boat trip
Do you think online LGBT activities in Iran can have any real impact on their real life?
But most families of the migrants have been too afraid to identify themselves publicly.
You know I am doing my best.
My blog has been mentioned in Parliament several times.
The summary post includes news from Guatemala, El Salvador, Colombia, Ecuador and Argentina.
And it would be interesting to learn how youth in different countries expressed their anger.
There are reports from the ground
This is already a victory.
FREEDOM is not easy to obtain
I wonder what would have happened if....
To Go or Not to Go?
If you are following the safety rules, you can keep yourself safe.
He also quotes from the Amnesty report
we have it every other hour..
However, in recent years, things seem to be changing.
And do you only have a state channel or are there now private stations?
We were on top of it.
Egyptian Army takes over from the Police Forces
Join the facebook group to get the updates of this campaign.
In Iran, this can carry a death sentence.
We are the peoples of the South.
In my opinion, Iran deserves freedom and human rights, like any other country in the world.
But only as long as many Russians get to know about it.
It has been published on Global Voices as part of a content sharing agreement.
The challenge that change presents is great.
The current lack of leadership should teach us the importance of education, and having good leaders.
Made sure that all my friends are safe.
The charges against that person was
I know, I understand, and I agree that we should not let children be exposed to potential danger.
The entire Iranian nation today supports our football team.
Different figures are being circulated online, but the fact remains one.
Are you interested in Open video?
He is facing criminal charges for the song.
And here are some of them
People email me their concerns and complaints, and I post them on the blog.
The other major awards went to
Is there any financial support coming your way?
Image available via Wikipedia, under Creative Commons license.
Did you exchange any words with the officer?
Yellow represents the amount of posts, blue represents the amount of views on posts.
Other Twitter users have said that the address people are sharing is not in fact correct.
How did the virtual world and the physical world meet in your initiative?
If you found this guide useful when setting up your blog campaign, please email us to let us know.
But we have to see what is possible in order to achieve our goal.
Why should Islam not be the state religion?
The character has become one of the most popular figures among players.
Reality is another matter, however.
Access is easy for people on the street.
Under the table or legally?
As to how many Palestinians have reached the Tunisian border, there does not seem to be any update.
Eventually, it is always easier to buy something than to fight for it.
What had happened to the common man??
In his call for a secular Egypt, the blogger says
If only for a brief moment.
To the Ministry of Information he says
spending the largest amount of money in the world
Most bloggers appear to support the attack on the politician.
And what does the resolution mean for Sri Lanka?
He was later taken to hospital where he died.
Maybe the election of Barack Obama as president of the United States will tell them how wrong they are.
May you rest in peace, and you will be always remembered.
Are there any contemporary artists whose work has made a great impression on you?
Iran is the reason for everything that happens to us.
I had several friends who had been killed.
Best Use of Technology for Social Good
However, it seems like many people do not want that to happen.
In the end, it was a failure.
This is the information that I wanted to bring to your attention.
Do you think the internet will soon become an important source for writers like you to publish your work?
From our point of view, there has not been much change again today.
They were the only news coming out of this country.
it seemed to be a general rule.
Some Twitter reactions from Bangkok
My point here is simple
Violence by the regime continued against peaceful protesters in Yemen.
One good, the other bad.
Operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status.
Pick up has been slow since.
Plans to do the same this week appear to have met a similar fate.
The blogger also drew attention to the fact that
He had no water for an enemy.
What are your future plans?
More at United We Blog
The following is a summary of that summary.
What did I want to achieve?
She asked me what that was.
And no one speaks about this.
Facing the wall blog wrote
Here is how the Daily Star chose to report it.
And the idea was born.
I am not saying this for play and that should be the only way out for Zambia.
I also said that independence should not be sought then, nor any time before the next two general elections.
He stands on the wrong side of history
Building a network for them is a step in the right direction.
How do the two learn to work together and respect each other?
Just like with any citizen media.
I took him to a coffee shop.
The photograph is from a past time.
The new decision, however, has not been officially announced by the court.
we remained silent for a while, then he said
but I FINALLY DID IT and voted
It is an agreement between all parties.
Should there be victims for other people to wake up?
There is someone else out there living in the same circumstances, there is someone waiting for help
The ad will run until the end of the month.
What did you take with you?
You know how people live there day to day...
Do you think he is that stupid?
Hope Man questions the point of the violence
It is this language that gives me poetry.
GV
Some people really do say that.
The comment below is one of the most popular on Weibo
We are one and no one will silence our free independent voice for activism.
Having said that though, people often talk about this openly.
In another tweet, he remarks
respect the women of this land.
He urged the people not be afraid of the law
Did you fall in love from the heart?
As usual, a religious message had a political background.
Local people surrounded the house before the police came in.
Now I do not think their view will do.
I have been blogging for several reasons
Now it is two or three patients a week. ...
The media and the local administration remained silent about these incidents.
What is the most difficult aspect of your work?
The action was successful and we made our voice heard.
Global Voices The last weeks saw a variety of activities on Libyan blogs.
There is a very important financial reason
Such attacks against learning centers are not unique for Israel.
five years and you still remember that pain and that suffering.
He says according to official statistics there are many poor living in Tehran.
We can expect this much, right?
The case is now in the hands of the Supreme Court.
The latter request, Xi turned down.
Thanks for supporting this initiative
I expected that he would be sentenced by the court...
In general a lot of Iranians hold America responsible for what ever goes wrong in Iran
If someone tells anything in news, please write me.
Both sites are rather visible on net.
As of this writing, the airport crisis is still not over.
In her blog, she says
It was not as easy as it seemed.
This is my life, my country.
Construction is expected to begin at the end of this year.
Here were some reactions on Twitter
As this year sees the Arab Spring, has the rest of the continent seen an African Spring?
People like him are born once every hundred years.
Was he married and did he have children?
Two war criminals lived in my own street.
Our hatred became part of our battle for existence.
The number of people using the Internet in Trinidad and Tobago alone is growing every single year.
Leave alone the world economic crisis, these bloggers have done their bit for Fiji.
He also said the decision about taking down the pages in question has not yet been made.
Why are there people who never get married?
Photo publicly shared on Facebook.
The drive was five miles long.
That would be open at least.
What motivated you to establish this website?
Hong Kong Free Press has gathered some of the international reactions.
Facebook is our home and Twitter is our coffee shop.
Patients deserve more attention than they are getting.
Their work can still be viewed here.
Two minutes later it was followed by another one.
and today it almost happened in Palestine. i almost lost two more friends.
So I brought them into the project.
Have they begun it yet?
The media establishment knows us pretty well.
It describes itself on the page at the time of writing the report
I hope it will work.
I received the following email forward today from a family member.
The role of social media GV
There will be more after her
New research Data Protection in Kenya
The reason was that it could be used as a means to commit suicide.
The much bigger point is where does this all lead to?
At any point in time, they believe two opposite things.
Something similar could even happen in Bahrain.
Who are you calling a threat?
Read the second part on Global Voices here.
Some have been suspended, but have responded simply by creating new accounts or group pages.
Global Voices Caribbean Journal reports that Trinidad and Tobago may soon be facing a national strike.
Are they putting one over on us?
But remember it is mainly done due to the above reasons.
Could I have killed my wife?
What will society learn from a teacher like that?
The same thing happened this time.
We need to set standards for how we will deal with the victims.
He saw several dead bodies being taken out of the actual building.
All these actions will be considered under the Criminal Code.
Scenes or topics that question the ability of religion to counter evil and offensive scenes are removed.
He has just given his speech.
Hold that thought though, is that really true?
There have been serious demonstrations against opening the rice market to other countries in Korea.
Should you have to save a child to be allowed to stay in France?
Though on a sad note this year due your sudden and tragic death.
The reactions from the bloggers involved
A group blog that came out of the conference.
The people accompanied , they organized cultural events around them, they never left them alone...
The other teachers had worried about me.
How can one ask an unknown woman to hold a baby?
First and far most, travel.
Google has created a special page to gather donations.
Why should I always be worried about my sister?
At the time a total of nine activists had been arrested.
How does he ensure the safety and security of the very people he wants beaten up?
we are all long since bought and sold...
From Lebanon had the following experience in the morning while going to work
the fact that he was in between.
most of which were right.
So again, can someone please tell me what was this war all about?
However, most media companies ignored my reports.
This is his second hunger strike.
Are we guilty of anything?
I can give you as many reasons as possible.
Iraqis want their lives back...
I watch a documentary and there is no room for me.
As a result, money is spent quickly and freely, with no thought of its value.
We will closely monitor what will be their next steps and who will be paying the bill.
There the truth is, open to eyes that are willing to look.
The post also noted that
One reader complained on Weibo
Despite all of this, there were questions on the other side.
We want to be here.
These remarks completely miss the point, of course.
But in recent years, various groups have taken notice of the widespread attacks on Philippine media.
Well, here is a good example from Jordan.
Everyone looks in its direction.
This becomes an issue because it is hard to tell who is who sometimes.
How come the state judiciary do not offer protection?
through the violation of freedom of expression and through the absence of due process supported by independent judges.
Watch out for the comments section for an interesting discussion.
This protest is for us.
Another anonymous user responded to the comment
Therefore, social networks are not different from other spaces of life.
He says people should join social networks and campaign for the bill to pass
Regardless of politics, it is a new year.
The opposition has said they will boycott elections.
one died inside the burning house, the other in the hospital.
But it became known only yesterday that nobody in Kyrgyzstan or Kazakhstan did anything to handle this situation.
I have nothing left to lose.
The project starts in May and, according to their site, will focus on
We can write about it.
We welcomed the focus on this positive aspect of our built heritage through a different medium.
So everyone was helping out.
The Instagram account has since been shut down.
There are some series that have been on air for more than half a century.
The debate can be seen in full on YouTube.
For many, she is one of the best in the team that the president will be working with.
Below are some of incidents that were captured on the map
Who is the target audience of your counter campaign?
In my country, there is no security, but there is a lot of violence.
This is NOT about marketing.
Two years ago, the main topics in the Malagasy blogosphere were environment, climate change and poverty.
She was married to that criminal and we know what she has done.
Is this a normal police?
Do they think people are stupid?
Many Japanese bloggers also expressed their thoughts about the recent news.
Its About Us page reads in part
These MPs could side with any party on any proposed legislation.
This was reported by most of the media agencies.
Several of Iranian bloggers remembered presidential election anniversary when Mr. Ahmadinejad celebrated his victory.
But where do officials draw the line?
Can any Christian fail to respond to these words??
QATAR lives its greatest moment in international football.
is the Indian audience ready for so much blood on screen?
Young girls are even more vulnerable to this violence.
The second is the ability to indicate which bloggers you know and like.
By this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete.
I always wanted to make new ones, but there we go.
Something was happening all right, slowly it is true, but you could feel it.
The corruption and transparency situation in Russia is far from good.
Several powerful discussions and campaigns began on Twitter and have brought awareness to many millions.
Because everything we do is political, Occupy Guyana is already a political force.
Actually, you can take no special credit for this.
The Spirit of Man, Canada based blogger wants to create a list of Iranian conservative blogs.
What do you have to say.
What does this tell us?
My father was such a person.
We just want to point out that Qatar Living is not for or against anyone.
There is another threat in the region
And so far politicians are failing to see the humanity of the Palestinians in Gaza.
Now that you have a blog, what now?
Mahmood is also questioning the application of the law
Bangladeshi netizen are also discussing this issue.
I believe it will be an effective and widely spread tool in the near future.
A Facebook group, entitled No to Students Imprisonment and a blog
Today I saw love ....
Macedonia is considered a safe country of origin under Hungarian law.
Both have been accused of terrorism by the Ethiopian government.
He should offer Uzbekistan an apology now
He wanted a more equal country.
This was happening in Colombia.
Not with me nor with anyone else that I saw.
But none of the neighbors wanted to speak about it.
Obviously no government official would step down and all the responsibility would be taken by the suspect.
The Senate eventually voted down the measure.
changes in US foreign policy?
Yet all were so strong.
She wanted them out of Afghanistan immediately.
Need the Latest News on Flooding?
He wrote in his blog post
At one point, a state security officer told him
The feel and the look were totally different.
Why did you decide to write your blog in French?
they are defending freedom of speech, and fighting corruption.
Tunisia is for me and you.
Many of them live on Facebook and Twitter.
It does not really matter.
About Guatemala writes about why this happens and what the government is doing to ensure best practices are followed.
So they thought the best way to resolve the problem was to pull me out of the house.
Screen capture from Youtube video.
Well, to read a book is like taking a trip.
The nation needs critical voices.
I can only assume it was taken via mobile phone.
Its original draft included the death penalty and life imprisonment for some computer crimes.
Global Voices What the Bangladeshi blogs are saying
Azerbaijan may soon see war as the only solution to the problem given the recent statements by Azerbaijani officials.
He could think of no answer.
And what was your path to GV?
And they want us suffer.
But the prize helped the works to come out at that time and with good quality.
The news was announced in a brief from the Cuban Ministry of Public Health, and broadcast by the media.
Went to two games, I think.
This includes any activity that can harm another person, especially police officers.
Something in me says I better start drinking more
Protests for Palestine  Global Voices The world has come out in support of Gaza.
Ibrahim a friend sent me a message on my mobile said  look outside ..
Towards the end of his post, he suggests some ideas that just might work.
What makes this collaboration possible?
As a result of that, green areas are not many.
We are dealing with a direct intervention of international terror against Russia.
The first summer I lived there, I shared a house with a fellow teacher.
After a generation, our team has a nation behind it.
Because that is what this fight is for.
For now, little is certain.
Take a look to this video.
I sit in classes these days where the people are talking in a language that sounds similar, but different.
We stand in absolute solidarity with him and his colleagues as they face trial this week.
Photographs are also being circulated showing regime forces ready to storm the prison.
These platforms is not used by them directly.
Only crazy people would believe that they were terrorists.
it is to cause change in Uganda that will allow me to solve my own financial problems.
He then considers the economic effects
Waiting on an unknown station for more than hour....
All our friends and relatives stuck together.
One small strategic battle WON
You can check out our special coverage page about the protests in Venezuela here.
Students take the streets in So Paulo.
What makes this an example of innovative journalism?
Fear and concern Complaints about Chinese companies are not unique to Kyrgyzstan.
Two, he was a very cultural person.
This and many other questions are on the minds of Kuwaiti bloggers in this round up.
The storm is expected to run across the coast of the country over a period of three days.
His family has also come out to support him, convinced that he is innocent.
Map of flooded regions in Myanmar.
What stories would you like to cover?
Below are the list of papers presented under each panel
As they all are here.
I know that they know my every movement.
The organization highlighted other issues, as well
Image shared widely on the Internet.
You can watch the photos here.
We will start with the good.
One of the reasons I do this blog is for you.
Yet the law will always make an enemy of people like him.
One man, who refused to identify himself, said
In his last blog post, he wrote  Russia
He is a human being and deserves respect.
It was a long day for Korean web users.
The question of the day is
You do not have the capital or what it takes to bring this drug to market.
Everyone is so quiet, not a single voice anywhere...
the British government, that is.
They are totally getting out of control.
An edited version appears below with permission.
The state of the Zambian blogosphere is growing at a very slow rate.
They were saying that you deserve that.
I think that this is a wonderful example of what an internet community can be capable of.
We review some of them.
She had passed out during discussions for a project with a local TV station two days before her death.
There has to be a greater plan or else it will be but a mere memory.
A media campaign alone will not necessarily get someone out of jail.
We all know how important water is in our daily lives.
This time not because of war, but because of celebrations.
who is writing, who takes pictures and so on?
I was only telling them that because of the reactions that I got from middle school.
The people responsible for the bombing must feel that we have caused them harm.
Education The Global Voices community is highly educated.
The video below by Keep Trending news explains
Can you feel the difference?
The event has made it into mainstream media coverage.
On the other hand, we may realize, we are not on the same task.
We will always be reading what you write.
Now they are threatening our daily existence in the attempt to break the will of the public.
And a few hours later added
He is quoted as saying
Part Two will be posted next week.
After all, they are one and the same.
But it is clear the movement has now become a revolution.
Then, the Internet would seem not such an important thing in your life.
As long as these leaders are alive, nothing is going change at all.
We have three kids and are doing our best to support them.
The campaign made this video to raise awareness and address the issue of harassment
I was unable to tell her not to do it because it was almost impossible.
The rest of the post discusses the issue further.
Do you think your case has helped to attract the attention to the freedom of speech in Kazakhstan?
It seems to me that what they have is a dictatorship like the one we suffered under.
This has nothing to do with what happened before he got shot or what led to his shooting.
Its primary idea is to encourage all women mothers to describe their experiences, regardless of when they gave birth.
I joined the rally by myself as I am detained at home in Beijing.
The opposite is true, we all need to learn from them.
We are not here because life is good, but we have to feed ourselves somehow.
And then she left, as if nothing happened.
When she entered the refugee camp, she saw many kids, but the kids seemed to be afraid of her
Generally, in only a few cases do people put new photos on their blogs.
From what I can gather, the facts are as follows
I have a positive experiences with the Roma people.
Stop the massacre in Gaza
And from both cases the west returned stronger than ever before.
Supporters of the new constitution celebrate what they say is an important step towards democracy.
In this link you can find some of the tweets posted that night.
Sometimes they even asked me to send the questions in advance, which I did.
First of all, people strike.
How much do foreigners know about Cambodia?
TV and music should be quiet.
As it stands, I am concerned.
This group also seeks major reforms.
An education project in Syria by Free Syria Foundation with the donations collected in Poland.
The police made the arrest.
Here is the link to the movie.
What should be more discussed is how Christmas should be spent.
But after all, why should they??
If I had a blog...
Our audience is also located all over the world.
and led the domestic software industry at the time.
He was also posting his comments from Dhaka, Bangladesh.
So I had to find a place for her quickly.
It cannot exist on paper if it does not exist on the streets.
This is about media freedom in this country.
But that was not to be.
What is your blog for you?
Are our leaders out of their minds?
Reactions to the ban were mixed.
Dream and your dream will fall short.
Pictures published and spread on Twitter show the aftermath of the attack.
there is a review and voting process that will decide the fate of a blog.
Finally, more reactions and videos of last night are still being released.
What can the fans expect?
Some of highlights from the blog
Thank you for reading the BBC News website.
That happened yesterday, and so Syria has come good on its promise.
And these are only the ones people can identify.
is that a large group?
Some netizens claimed that real weapons were used against people throughout the city.
They were made right here in Trinidad and Tobago.
We are in the information age after all.
However, we should improve our investigative journalism.
He has the following advice for Americans
they are the ones holding the shame, not us.
Mexican Reporter to US Colleagues
He compared the working conditions between the two companies via twitter back in May
And finally this post is about outrage and anger about what happened today
Some comments from Twitter and Facebook
But do we have such public means available?
In reality, everyone and nobody.
Both cars were slightly damaged.
I have never seen him by your side, on television.
That is my worst fear after this election.
Kenya Monitor will provide Kenyans with a platform to tell their stories in what is known as citizen journalism.
She is almost on a hunger strike.
But people who do not understand ...
Can anyone tell me what the hell is going on
The signs clearly pointed to ISIS.
much of it, however, is due to corruption and bad governance.
Do you know what the election is really about?
On Twitter, there were numerous first hand accounts.
It is difficult to explain a missing person in the tiny island nation.
Does transparency lead to accountability?
Earlier a same sex couple two guys came on TV.
Bloggers Featured for the First Time?
Who will win the Asian American vote?
Users also discussed the state of freedom of expression in Mexico.
Look up on a winter day and you can see it.
This is part of the interview
To what extent do you think the online campaign has played a role in your release?
Electricity supply is cut for one hour every other hour.
what are you happy about?
Another important issue here is a possibility of future abuses of online anonymous services by regular users and governments.
He encouraged me to take it up and start covering blogs for Malawi and Zambia.
The only problem could be, again, its name.
We just need to pay the Egyptian blogosphere a quick visit to find out answers for all our questions.
However, authorities warned them not to hold the event in the area.
At the end of the night, the streets were still full of people.
Then, I get back into a taxi and head for home.
During that time, the financial crisis was spreading around the world.
God knows how, but I got it.
Voting location was set up in a bar.
what gives them the right to speak on public policy?
She should have known that it would spread.
The election has made me sad somehow.
Of late we have heard the Pope, among others, saying the opposite.
But it is more than that.
Millions of Central Asian labor migrants leave their home countries for Russia every year.
I want to know them.
Here is his response to Global Voices
Here are some reactions in Twitter
I have a problem with that because there are clearly a LOT of people to blame
The first is worst than the second, in my eyes at least.
God will hear our cry.
I would say this about a very small number of people in power
In Beijing, the capital of China, a public assembly against Express Train project was approved.
The blogger provided very good background for us to have a sense of Chinese media industry.
People have created their own spring.
They did not take my complaint seriously.
I thought that her parents had forced her to wear it..
But I do understand that these things take time.
Things are never black and white.
This is not in Zambia but in the US, UK, Australia name it all over the developed world.
Your fight for community rights started long ago.
You are both the same size.
From Brazil, Brazilian Food Love
He believes that the construction would not be a creative alternative to help promote tourism.
We are as vulnerable as any of the countries that has already experienced attacks.
It was then that I began to wish I never had started this journey.
In fact, some of her films are shown in other countries but not Malaysia.
The blogger has also published a series of photos from this event
Because the worse it is for America, the better it is for Russia
This could be declared a national disaster.
There are two ways to get an account
one had always felt the need to make a safe world around her.
This leads me back to the NGO world.
What those people did is against Islam in every sense.
Buying the New York Times is such a small deal.
One of the detainees said
There is plenty of violence, to be sure, but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed.
we are free to say publicly what we want to say.
Everything is happening very quickly.
People following his case have taken to Twitter and Facebook to offer help.
Photo shared publicly on Facebook.
If not, please explain what the situation is for a political photographer like you.
She just tried to do it by herself.
HIV is a very out in the open disease that people have to protect themselves from.
He was free to do what he did, and the prosecution was free to apply legal means to him.
One of the Facebook debates a few days ago went like this
this is a way of life for some Chinese as well.
He states that an opposition blog writes
Here is a video and images of the day
The party will create a separate group responsible for working with potential voters on social networks.
I wish so much someone loved me.
another time , another life..
A series of live protest events in the biggest Polish cities are planned to take place.
To begin with, I am at home.
Here are a few reactions on Twitter from Nigerians
We are all guilty when such a great woman can barely survive
She is a simple and more than simple house wife living by herself after losing her husband...
Many like them suffer from hunger and poverty and their numbers are growing day by day.
Does Russia need Caucasus at all?
The situation is still ongoing.
The only place that fear can exist is in our thoughts of the future.
There are also brave international journalists who bring information to the world.
Still the referendum process, as indicated above, is itself a little complicated.
Forget all that and replace the foreign names with Egyptian names.
Some people work to live, but here, people work to die.
Are there grassroots organizations that are listening to the demands of the people?
Since he had not started talking, people were not ready to throw things.
Letters from Taiwan looks at reasons why Taiwanese politicians resort to fighting.
I gave the following answer, which many years later would actually come true
No one besides us five should know about this.
It depends on who you ask.
Right now, he is in Armenia.
a most impossible love story would be hard to come by.
Do you call yourself a Muslim?
I heard my voice echo through the silence.
Top three headlines from the real BBC Persian
The biggest battle that we fought though was based on our decision to seek political independence.
Or worse, you could be sending out the wrong message to a guy.
Am I doing anything wrong?
Any message for Global Voices readers who are reading this from outside of Mexico?
So there is a state of total chaos in the town, indeed the whole country.
But what is our role now?
Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, Jordan, Tunisia and Bahrain.
A piece of Pakistan died today
The Voice of the People is the voice of God
Global Voices Israel is at war and the Israeli blogosphere is on fire.
and ensure that freedom was achieved at all costs even if it meant their education had to suffer.
And here I am now, three years later.
What kind of online response has the Caribbean Memory project got since going public?
Their first exchange is below
We say to the women who are speaking up
She refused to go to the doctor.
They were thrown out of their land.
Following the marriage he disappeared, never to be heard from again.
any chance you saw this from yesterday?
Then what is the meaning of democracy.
The bill was heavily criticized by social movements.
Was this identity a secret?
But we had never met before, until this past weekend.
If content owners cannot pay, they face jail.
Instead of opening Internet sites I now have all this information in one place.
The software has since been used in many other news and crisis projects.
Could you tell us about experiences which reflect this reality?
It will also make the water get through to the sea.
What kind of things can you do in New York that are not possible in Iran?
However, this is not entirely the case.
and went about their business.
The song also attracted comments on Twitter such as this one
It will take a little time.
A blog is about freedom.
So my contribution remains the same.
That said, much of the content can be applied to any type of campaigning.
British Embassy in Lima wishes everybody a Happy New Chinese Year.
No wait, THIS IS AN INSULT when Iraq is considered an independent country.
Or now we are a secular country ?
Questioning and sharing information is extremely important, and technology plays a key role in this.
They were officially registered as a party last year.
It only needs to be used.
If you push very hard, something will break that is what happen .....
Pay Day Facts  Global Voices Pay day in Zimbabwe
Having known him personally, she wrote
Everything is gone, the bridge and themselves.
Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, China and Cuba.
He has posted pictures from most of the protests.
An appeal was also launched on Causes calling to stop violence against mining activists in Guatemala.
We need to identify a system for accountability.
Today, we need to fight for the right of employment, freedom and dignity.
If You Want to Sleep as a Baby, You Should Read This
What did we finally get?
And to all of us.
Could you please introduce yourself to our readers?
When will we live in a rule of law for everyone?
No one was injured, however.
in fact it can be dangerous.
Not everyone will agree with me, of course.
Here are some Facebook comments.
I belong to a Minority in the Middle East.
She also explained the reason for providing a long prison term for those convicted of violating the law
a commitment to sharing what they would learn with their own communities was also important.
For me none of the reasons applied.
Four members have been killed.
Why she is interested in Malawi?
These incidents are now so frequent.
With views like these, you should live in a village.
Then things began to move fast.
A few pages have been united.
Let us stand by the teams and the players who generated such pride for us as Caribbean people.
I wish them the best and hope that they, as we have, will survive.
How best to destroy your peace??
I was about four or five.
And this, at least, was cheap.
His first post reports on a night out with his wife.
Since Twitter is not accessible in China, it does not have much capacity to affect domestic politics.
This means that a greater number of people can now access important economic information.
hold on a second while I look for something in some blog ...
Individual activists also have been targeted with specific threats on Twitter and other social media platforms.
There is nobody behind your eyes.
Part of telling the story of revolutionary times in a digital age requires video.
Instead, Caribbean music seems to be emerging as the next big thing.
Those people could work but they should not be allowed to go into politics.
Any topic that concerns Muslims or Islam in China can be considered sensitive.
In my mind, I began to review
Officials celebrated a nuclear ceremony last week while more teachers were arrested.
It was originally built on three parts.
Read the post for details.
Women are half of society.
On the news, you can see many political parties were quick to offer aid.
Many on social media took the side of the students
one of the two biggest challenges that we face in internet governance is access.
We are children of the nature...
From Asia, India, US, from France, from Africa.
There was also criticism of the protests from some bloggers, although demonstrations still continued the following month.
How much had they had earned that day, I wondered.
If convicted, he will be made to pay a fine.
And it would have been extremely simple.
Online, people have welcomed the idea.
Even in such a situation, corruption controlled us.
Peace be with you in the next life.
I think that the language problem simply does not exist in Ukraine in everyday life.
The Christian Science Monitor writes
More on Sex Scandal  Global Voices Traveling Life writes of the sex scandal in Poland
The march was stopped by the occupation army.
US dollars in the bank.
Because it will be a beautiful world.
This blog also provides coverage in French.
The female sex is not for them.
We were afraid of telling those who died that today, we are merely victims.
The review can be read here.
Everybody has to respect and accept the other form of living.
I always thought the UN would condemn terrorism.
Slowly, the news began to spread.
It remains unclear whether this will bring about changes that affect Facebook users in Bangladesh.
Most frequent comments are about impact on national image.
College is known as your last chance to party.
Now let me be clear
Let us not take our peace for granted
As a business man I have to use the telephone constantly, from three to four hours a day.
She was eventually convicted and sentenced to three years in prison.
you have give it an opportunity.
I do not justify them and I do think that they have a choice.
We will support them to do their jobs well.
Here in Moscow, they, of course, speak Russian with each other, and my wife and I speak Uzbek.
Tell us about your work.
We have to work from primary school to the university.
In fact as per the latest update from most of the official sources, he is still alive. ..
One of them is highlighted in this blog post
Want to report a grave injustice?
The earth will keep turning.
One of the most voted comments, written by a net user ID
Ben Ali lost contact with reality
And both times they saw their protest broken up and members arrested.
This will be your contribution.
We are happy with the results.
Because we still believe that rape victims enjoy forced sex.
The forces of law and order show up.
We also have a Twitter account.
He also added a message to the authorities
Reports of the factory being burned first broke on Twitter.
Let all Tajik families have only two children and you will not have any problems
The church here has a say on the issue of education.
Our main goal is to achieve peace in Pakistan.
Maybe you can be half way protected.
And he remained in mental institutions for the rest of his life.
There is also a strong flow of people coming from China, in search of work opportunities.
It is the reason that you turn back and return.
This is a severe threat to the Chinese struggling for free speech.
But there is a catch.
If only we also knew French...
No change is required for these towns.
Is that too much to ask?
There is no option to leave any comments at his blog, though.
Freedom of speech on the web affects everyone, not just bloggers.
What do I know, Argentina?,
She had a great future.
On Google, he finally discovered what they looked like.
Troops have to protect themselves.
Your family, your friends, or government agencies?
Be responsible for our Brazil coverage.
Kenyan parliament online  Global Voices At last, the Kenyan parliament has a website.
There are already three main official NGOs that are run by Vietnamese.
I just wanted to express my anger.
Some bloggers believe this financial attack was the key reason for the current media storm.
Reporters Without Borders has asked the International Criminal Court to investigate.
He must have thought to himself
Check the questions at her post and the answers in the comments.
It has to start somewhere.
People also riot over soccer, apparently.
The lives of hundreds of people detained within this center.
Of the one who is on the left?
some even tried to set fire to Japanese vehicles.
These equal one third of the Lebanese population.
This has been a surprise to many people in the world.
Omar talked about the global network of activists that helped him and other Palestinians continue reporting during the offensive.
There is not a lot we can do about it.
we carried it around on us everywhere we went, taking turns.
Only the face was visible.
This is false advertising, a lie.
After his death, some bloggers have chosen to highlight his negative legacy.
But doing so required a struggle.
It is supposed to affect all public transportation.
The soldiers did not allow the rescue workers to pass through their lines.
The week that changed the world.
I personally think this is nothing to be proud of.
But in order to record it, we need money.
What advice would you give other people women, men, of any race who want to become police officers?
I saw the future of Iraq, or at least Baghdad.
Today, this is possible and to a large extent.
I said this decision was politically motivated.
It also pushed me to start writing in English as well as about politics.
Everything is in free fall.
Others do not have this.
They try to fight against it with education.
This from a person who ...
The blog is following the developments and the subsequent protests.
And if that was impossible, then it was better to have none at all.
I fled to Turkey with the help of the Free Syrian Army.
I would like to talk about two wonderful governments.
He does nothing all day.
Bloggers also had a lot to say.
below is part of the first message
He turned to the window again.
However, more and more women are studying journalism.
I am not wondering what they are going to teach our children.
But not everyone is opposed to the show.
rape, murder, hit and run, murder of wife.
Eventually, the only target is the nation.
I wonder where they are going?
How did the idea come up?
You can hear it in the propaganda.
So much for law enforcement security plan
He hopes that some positive changes will be seen soon.
Do you think this amount will help them to cover their loss ???
Every year I see this and every year it seems to get worse.
They have reacted by setting fire to at least one bus, and dozens of students have been arrested.
in fact, he looked sort of like me.
This is offensive to most women I know, who read the article and shared the same view.
You spot less black faces since the practice has become controversial, but you can still see one here.
The big question is what next??
Through their action on social media.
Here and Here has some photos.
After much opposition from the Catholic Church, a legal abortion was performed by a medical team.
He says it is the duty of Islamic countries to support Palestinians in Gaza and offer humanitarian aid.
Our youth is our advantage.
But these people still need the work.
It would also be a better point of attack.
If you are a member of a party, attend the call as a citizen, without campaigning.
Others are thinking about the broader implications of the ban.
What was I going to say?
People came and then they left
The next few weeks are crucial whether the election would go ahead as planned.
Different projects have different levels of funding.
Focusing too much on the negative aspects of the law could lead to missed opportunities, she said
New Research Surveillance of Communications
However, netizens later found out that the son is actually a local police.
In most other cities, police protection of schools brings some relief to parents.
Since then, there has been no information about him.
Culture Dead  Global Voices Is culture dead in Kuwait?
The situation was out of control.
Is everything fine at home?
The information regarding the other speakers can be found in the video.
And it helped me design a plan of attack.
Some believe that without him Afghanistan might never have seen a peaceful transition of power
But we are all each others eyes.
Image taken from Facebook Group Page.
I hope it will happen soon, I fear it will not.
The security forces are attacking with tear gas..
To understand what I am talking about look at this picture here.
Cuba, certainly, will be affected.
That was probably the biggest political event in the whole history of Vietnamese community here.
Talk about race in Africa.
There were many comments, most of them negative.
Today more then a dozen citizens were arrested.
Below is their message on Facebook
For me, labor is an important part of art.
Chinese Journalists Launch Documentary Series
I have not followed the debate regarding this issue closely.
In a personal interview I conducted with her, she stated
On the other hand, the Internet has been full of messages of support for the player.
Why then make books even more expensive than they are already?
Go find another place to live
The content, the specific content, and the breaking content.
I was crazy about her all over again.
Now at the Judicial Council
Shame on such Muslims like you.
This often includes established media outlets, however, we do also work with individual journalists.
If I become even half the man he is, I will die happy.
and that supporting their cause will benefit the whole society.
The World is talking ...
Do circumstances really justify such broad powers?
His short visit brings these many questions to netizens.
Some considered it a punishment.
Three reporters arrested by the police.
What if you will be the next target and nobody will come out to stand up for you?
It has since been used as part of record of events of that day across the world.
waiting for emergency personnel yet to come.
But if I bought one can, I can stay without eating anything for a whole day.
My friends and I used to wait to go to our university for hours and hours.
How did you try to reach him?
Some for the trial, others against.
Beijing Youth Daily spoke to a Chinese photographer who had previously produced similar video messages in Zambia.
On Chinese social media, many shared the feeling that the incident marks the end of an era
Overall though, I do see myself as a Caribbean writer.
Some theme on the movie
tell me what u think about this.
Thus, banning the Twitter short code does little to change the balance of power online.
The campaign has just begun.
I guess at the end of the day, that is what art is for.
Do you have family ties with the country?
Freedom and solidarity were everywhere.
Each time a major disaster hit the mainland, Hong Kong people would actively make donations.
One of them is the Free Jailed Tunisian students , seen in the following screen shot
Not talking about it will not make it go away.
Paying the price for that, however, will take many years.
Here is a summary of recent complaints by various bloggers.
Two things contribute to his popularity.
And now they tell us to forget and move on.
he was a good man.
How would I know any better?
Lost in Translation in Central Asia
So people I give you the future of Baghdad.
This is so typical on all levels.
A protest action in Hong Kong France
However, her name is visible in social media posts, which were crucial for the story.
She was found guilty by the court of having sexual relations with two men who murdered her husband.
She notes a particular ICT project in Uganda
It had a rich tradition of literature of over a thousand years.
It began to look as if something was going to happen.
His wife has just died.
Do not make threats that will not or cannot be carried out...
Others watch their every move.
Ordinary people will not benefit from such a system.
Journalists Leaving the Field  Global Voices Many investigative journalists in mainland China are leaving the field.
Here is the latest poem that he posted on his blog
The success of other writers seemed to please him.
So that after it is written we can ignore it?
China belongs to every Chinese person.
Peru Food reviews a new restaurant in Lima
They are still held inside the building.
She then posts an article from the India Times to that effect.
The immediate release of all political prisoners.
All seems calm according to his footage
The challenges lie on quite different levels.
Only if that pressure gave google no choice other than to remove the blog would there be a violation.
But will Twitter block those accounts in a more effective way?
I do not have anything else to say.
His situation is becoming more and more critical.
They are truly a source of knowledge.
Our team learned this right at the start of our process.
The question is how long.
Such a big responsibility that can take the country both ways.
Palestinian Bloggers Blog for a Purpose
A few bloggers are making their feelings known...
This summit is a great opportunity to protest against the regime.
She started working as domestic worker at very young age.
Censorship in Turkey has long been extensive.
This case could affect the stability of the whole region.
Those following the story online saw something interesting happening on the Web.
All European languages have already got software for translation.
The more immediate reality had not given us any reason to view it in that way.
Hong Kong independence is clearly and definitely a red line.
End of year present from the government.
What happens behind the code?
Yet these two countries also played a great role in the creation of the Organization of African Unity.
I also posted about my memories here.
To thank him, I gave him a watch made in Japan, a small digital camera, and other presents.
and allow me to share with all the detainees their joy
But it was not to be.
No one called for taking it off the official records?
Indigenous in one of the buildings of the complex.
The process was simple enough
She is not alone in speaking her mind online.
They wrote letters to each other while he was in prison.
In spite of the growing numbers in favor of online entertainment, traditional TV is not going anywhere.
But I do not get paid for it.
Another effort to spread the message of Islam took place on the streets of Mexico City.
We knew most of the people who died.
How long have you being blogging?
The second time, we came with a press note.
No, really, Gulf Times, let it all out.
The announcement sparked many discussions online.
All foreign observers, even the Serbian ones.
So I think we arrived at just the right time.
He has promised to report on the event in detail soon.
The individual members of the group agreed to speak as a single voice.
On the other side , it was not so happy.
You committed very serious crimes, you made me participate in those crimes as a child.
He brought this trouble on himself.
Why did you start writing, and why did you decide to write in English?
They have set for themselves a very high target.
They talked about their children.
a space for educational support for children who live with their imprisoned mothers.
She also posted regular updates on the situation and relief efforts.
Myanmar is not rich enough that it can give housing for free.
His mental state was worse that what I was prepared to see.
Otherwise riots will start here as well.
And there is a cry to save the National Museum.
This is a complex question.
It encouraged me to work for the love of this nation and to give back.
They want to start a union.
Migration is a big one.
There are reports that some refugees are dying because of hunger.
Get well soon my friend
She still has one year of her education to go.
Japan and the World Cup
Another point which is concerning is the increase in the number of cars on the road.
To explore the links that Africa makes with the rest of the world.
We were engaged in conversations through comments.
The country could do with the quiet.
For us and all those who are fighting
He said the situation there was too dangerous for me.
Have I missed some great stories published on the net?
Here is an audio of the said speech shared on Twitter
A fine for the piece of paper?
Users are also invited to contribute to the system by reporting false news stories directly to the company.
I wish each of us gave others the right to have their own opinion.
In any case it will be difficult due to your age.
If the PM was on Twitter.
Citizens can answer questions on issues like health, internet and copyright, labor, culture, the environment, and more.
What do you think the result of the current elections will be?
The video is also available in Spanish.
At first he refused to remove the tweet, but several days later it was no longer available.
This is what he writes
What you have done was beyond normal
An Indigenous as Minister of Education?
The car was carrying a family of seven heading home from church.
There is change in Iran today
I mean, good on you Arab leaders, for taking a united stand, but one against Egypt?
and no one feels them ...
The Minister of Culture welcomed the initiative.
My photo of the day
One of the subjects that is being discussed a lot in Egypt is the Palestinian Israeli conflict.
I have been through this experience with a child I tried to help.
How do you see the female presence on the Iranian web?
You will not escape it.
Global Voices What is happening in Palestine?
The government has created this problem.
This is challenging the rule of law.
One suspect was arrested and questioned and he revealed that a gang is at large.
You did not let them freely decide.
An anonymous reader left the following comment
This narrative is also echoed by Russian security forces.
Its Qatar man not Europe....
In another post she writes
They really take last minute planning to the real last minute.
Instead, we are writing for ourselves and sometimes towards each other.
Friends, I found one, I am going to see if she works out.
Organizers say a thousand people came to the event.
Numbers have most likely changed by now.
For some reason their website has been suspended but their Facebook page and Twitter account are active.
Or he is desperate to ensure Malaysia does not receive bad press worldwide.
The source of the conflict here is the same as the one in dog arguments
I call for a change
Who would do the opposite?
I agree with every claim and am proud to belong to a model secular state.
Do I need to pay something to you?
Is there any bottom line in love and marriage for modern people?
It is a new kind of global investigative journalism.
Numerous actors and institutions are responsible for the violence against women and migrants
All that being said, keep them coming
I wanted to help so that we could find time to play.
and Pollution map of China released.
However, their recent tour in Sri Lanka proved a disaster.
This is a cultural issue.
Some offered up satirical remarks
Will this create a vast oil wealth for Cambodia?
You will register your wife.
Was legal advice sought and if so, can you tell me what the status is?
Blogger White African is concerned as well
Some even offered free phone service for those searching for missing people.
Really there is much that we learn and share we the bloggers.
Maybe he thought that some day he would be.
Well, according to Egyptian bloggers, it could be all of the above.
A screen shot image of a portal site after entering a search word
They addressed the Tunisian government saying
She was on her way to India to attend a family wedding, and her last tweet said
These last guys are the ones that represent production in the capital.
The name of the new pope has been leaked
what a sad state of affairs.
I particularly enjoyed being in control of the process of learning new things, and helping children learn.
We had planned a good ending for the show.
But I am not angry with them.
In brief, a community which only looks to get involved in order to work for a better world.
Certain members of the media were paying attention, however.
Netizens actively share their ideas on how to promote their campaigns.
This has also not happened.
If there is an under class in America, it is black people.
The pictures in his tweet reads
There were some people that believed that women were not better than men.
Serbia is always on the first place for me.
I was wrong when I said that I think he is a bad guy ...
This is a major development in the world of cricket and there has been much discussion about it.
Happy to know the violence is going to end?
Some blogs have been created to cover just one topic or event.
And how do people react to your posts?
On Twitter, netizens react to the video with outrage.
not through new media only ...
Will ordinary citizens be happy about it?
This is what I know.
The news made me cry.
Some bloggers are wondering about the less visible psychological and emotional damage.
I am becoming normal then...
So, how much is enough?
Many of the questions pick up on recent political developments.
I guess I was wrong
She goes on to talk more on his campaign and his views on the World.
Here are a few posts from Kuwait about the day
Does no one use Google?
Tell your local gay group about it.
He said they brought a lot of people out of the club and only two of them were alive.
I went on the Internet to check out some animal photos.
Many condemned her comments as calling for genocide of the Palestinian people.
He often uses twitter for conversations with his followers.
We want a society where we are not afraid of going out in the street
Now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture.
Advice to avoid those areas.
If we stay silent, more sites and services will be blocked.
or, for that matter, to private speaking.
How many websites do you manage?
This is also the case when an innocent Israeli civilian is hurt.
This is actually true if you take a look at it.
She has spent time with them and their families, and she has been a part of their lives.
One could start a funny business in this country.
you can visit her page too on facebook to see.
This environment made me think about what has lead the country into this kind of disaster.
In the same story, the artist defended her work
Do you have any last words for our readers?
You can watch the film here.
Every war eventually comes to an end.
Do you look forward to reading Global Voices?
Lee faced a light penalty for violating the election law for posting this image in several places.
tear comes out when I see this picture...
And she has words for everybody.
This is mainly an emotional point.
All citizens who have faced injustice are a time bomb
And he was successful in doing that...
But wait, there are still more good news.
I wanted to commit suicide.
We always try to encourage collaboration in the blog and we enjoy it.
I have lots of ideas
For those interested, the talk is available here.
But last spring, they decided they could not remain silent any longer.
It was just an hour, during which three of them took turns, while I stayed on the same shift.
This is definitely a first but a major first step.
These are the people that are in majority.
After that a new event is being discussed.
A Law Professor for Sale...
In his second of four updates so far, he wrote
But a few reached our wall.
Everyone is crazy about soccer, right?
His works in Arabic have been translated to many languages.
Something is on the way.
Is Democracy The Best Option?
Now it is threatening the security of all people in the world.
Many never wanted to be here in the first place.
There we could see a large number of tweets about this issue.
It is becoming more and more obvious that the angry has already lost.
You can argue that you are poor because you have no job or economic security.
I did not hope for more.
The also say that the Chinese would not have had many more children without the policy.
Newspapers are often full of articles about the abuse of animals.
You can now publish your blog in Chinese and use banned Chinese words in the title.
Now it would have another death.
If they are negative, why hold the new actions?
Image from Voice of America.
If so then why is Pakistan facing the worst of it.
What did we do to be treated this way?
Although highly unlikely, a large numbers of seats may shift between the governing and opposition parties.
This woman was one person who gave her everything no matter what stood in her way.
What would you do in The Game of Death?
To do it right would be difficult, and would certainly anger important people.
I would be happy if I can give them such a chance.
Many of them document evidence of massive corruption of the regime.
Please leave a comment if so.
He also argued mining companies register in Canada for a reason
There is no single cause for a tragedy like this.
Have a coffee with me.
How do you choose the text and images?
A lawyer who happened to be walking nearby was shot to death.
And finally, a look to the future
And why are farmers poor?
Well, he is teaching a group of local students Chinese writing...
I was so sure we were going to hit number one any second.
Please do not say that health care workers should have high moral standards.
Russia is an amazing country.
In fact, Central World was previously known as World Trade Center Thailand too.
Many standing up for water rights and the protection of Native lands are poor.
you have been making your way up in your career for very long time.
Let us teach our youth respect for others.
And this seems to be only the beginning.
So, where the Tribal conclusion coming from?
This is from an Iraqi woman.
We are all buying Chinese goods.
Do I need to say this?
You can also send an email to
Make every house safe for children.
Police again attacked the demonstration.
It focuses on four areas
Why not using the people power to great effect?
The pain continued after leaving the hospital.
I hope we get the majority votes.
Global Voices Facebook campaign
Bloggers were quick to react to the video too.
She posted about her reaction to my news here.
They refuse to accept it.
And to come out with a plan.
Who is leading the protests?
Media freedom advocates are urging the prime minister to remember his commitment to keep Internet free from censorship.
Thus, the Peruvian voter has a difficult choice to make this Sunday.
There will be no second version next year.
Until such evidence appears, we must make do with the evidence we have.
Authorities have used deadly force against the protesters on more than one occasion.
After the verdict was announced, many shared their views on social media.
One twitter user tweeted a photo of the scene.
Before that opportunity comes, perhaps courts in Hong Kong are in a good position to develop those limits.
So what about all the comment and analysis?
Several days passed, but her death is a still hot issue.
An African Crisis in the Making?
I have no problem with you telling the world that Jamaica is a Christian country, because it certainly is.
Other organisations like Islamist Movement have also made similar statements.
I just took all my relatives out of the apartment complex.
The only law is your gun.
In order to be happy about it, I have to believe it
There are just few of citizen initiative organizations, and that is important factor for creation and development of democracy.
Go back to Zambia and teach your relatives then you will get Land Question
The Guyana Youth Student Movement released a statement condemning the shooting
These are some of my questions as I write, but I want to go back to the initial question
So Why All the Hate?
We have nothing to hide.
Human rights and freedom of expression remain complex challenges.
The blogger says may be the Iranian government asked them not to show them Persian.
I want my children to have a home.
The mainstream media got wind of this story much later that day and followed up the development.
Thought he did action films?
I can read it to you.
A community of car drivers was the first to respond.
This is an expected human reaction to the on going situation.
So I realized that this is a great opportunity to change the situation.
Please can someone tell Nigeria and Nigerians to wake up
My report from the streets of Cairo today
And this person wants to be the national leader?
But his sentence was suspended for five years.
How do you feel now that is finally happening?
That is what they have done.
Nobody wants problems, and I especially do not like to create them for myself.
We support the police in fighting terrorism.
For what else is literature but memory and promise
He did more than that.
Is our goals have changed?
It has really opened up my eyes.
You see what I mean??
The bill should be submitted to the parliament for approval in the coming weeks.
You will be there to serve your people and not your people serving you.
Below are some reactions from Twitter.
She showed up at my office and we sat down.
from teachers, bus drivers, and the working class.
Many netizens seemed to agree with him.
No to the death penalty.
That they will know we were not to blame.
My eyes filled with tears.
You people are really going too far.
He posts a youtube video of the performance.
The Lebanese parliament building in downtown Beirut.
There is nothing we can do.
On the net organisations and users call attention to the danger of small arms.
I also worked with a youth group dedicated to social reforms, helping them with organizing protests and other events.
This was two years ago but these brutal statements made us more determined to continue the efforts.
All you have to do is pick up any paper, on any day and read any political topic.
But the city is now coming up with its own app?
Internet filtering and censorship has limited Iranian access to free information.
that is the power of the new media
I just know it ...
Serious pushing was involved but they got in.
I was accompanied by my son.
What makes you think that capital punishment is necessary?
This is the first story Global Voices published as part of the cooperation
Those involved are not worried.
No one in Egypt has AIDS.
My first point is corruption is a world problem.
The results are really encouraging in relation to the value of citizen science.
Be positive and direct others on how to preserve our limited water resources.
For years there has been talk of closing the site.
I think in this case it is best to apply the basic law
You know that Lebanese women face numerous challenges.
We still here, stronger than ever..
Feel free to indicate if you wish to remain anonymous.
Or am I already involved with it?
Do you see it turning into a mainstream news organisation?
All my body was black and blue.
Read parts one, two, three and four.
and to create a space for those who will come after us.
He stood up for what he believed in and he lived his life as he wanted to.
This day, the Student Day will became a National Day, but the coup agents will still ignore it.
As expected, the local blogosphere took it personally.
I just look like one.
Go out of town with friends and family
The wish I was in Ghana journal was straight to the point
All in all, it was a great evening.
It is a dangerous place to work.
Yesterday, an American friend in a taxi was on the road when the Israelis struck it.
In a separate post on her blog, Paul explained
One for those who live in Tunisia and another for those who live abroad.
I just want to be safe.
My mother is not enough
On YouTube there is more citizen video of how this attack happened
see photo to the right.
I will deal with the last one first.
Facebook events have been created to raise awareness of the planned plant.
That is something the others will have to do.
they then took him to the hospital for treatment, but he later died.
What to do about this situation has been a topic of debate.
This is going to be a test..
He stood looking down at her for a moment, wondering what could have reduced her to this condition.
However, things did not go as planned on Sunday.
Do you have the right people to help you?
First, most products tend to become more complex.
France, Various Africa, Middle East
All links are to articles written by GV authors unless stated otherwise.
I grew up in a village, and I never stop.
Israel showed it considers their dead people with great value.
There are also various interesting literary blogs.
They are waiting for you to fall in love...
We are on our way out now, he said.
The latest roundup looks at both good and bad news
A copy was released to the press.
It would be nice if the same happens for other local languages.
During that whole time, I met one person who scared me.
I asked at the food counter, they said
We have never seen a bomb like this
In the end whom to blame?
The officers allegedly beat them up before taking them to the police station.
How serious is the threat?
They were playing all the time, running and fighting.
playing the Game of Life with one player.
It should show them that journalists, citizens, government are not afraid of them.
Netizens wondered if they also had appointment with the police.
It was previously banned because of concerns over environmental and health risks.
In front of them, a man is pulled aside.
Could you tell us how this has made a difference?
We were the only ones.
There were marriage issues too.
Its goal is a simple one
Then I plan my attack
My whole goal is to bridge Yemeni farmers to the world.
The Jamaicans maintained that they were not granted either of these rights.
Most live in large cities.
Today could have been the end of hope on this issue.
It expressed anger, saying it would follow up on the matter.
She has been here for about two months.
And another Georgian sports star has fled Russia
Why are you posting this.
As soon as they realized this, the brothers fled, and they came towards me
When and why was it formed?
One of these directly quotes the GEORGIAN TIMES.
You can watch several photos of their meeting and election here.
However, you cannot yet fill in your tax declaration online, but only contact the relevant government bodies for information.
Add five more years to get a job and start a career.
This case of violence is not a single event or a turn of events
Her parents soon realized something was wrong.
He thought it might be safe now.
I will also take some photos at the event.
My post is a translation of the story that is spreading on the Chinese internet.
Image shared widely on Twitter, by the Association for Media Development in South Sudan.
However, for some Saudi bloggers, this Eid was a little different.
The United States will follow these developments closely.
He asked all members of the association to join the protests
No need to be civil here it seems.
What parts of your effort are you particularly proud of?
Any dialogue between the two sides is impossible.
It has been difficult writing as a white, middle class woman.
As a result, we learn nothing from the crisis.
She is currently based in Cambodia.
There should be reports on youth movements.
Closed Data However, some think that not all information should be free.
Then they made an illegal request.
As soon as he got on the phone, all he could talk about was the heat inside the jail.
And the rest is history.
they may number in the tens of thousands.
This move came as a surprise to most observers for two reasons
We want to hear your thoughts.
The love story of the two characters quickly attracted a large following on TV and the Internet.
But we have one value in common
Does it offer a good job?
To the rest I would like to say
The incident raises a host of related questions
The system works even in the dark, according to China National Radio.
Can the police stop all this?
From the Western regions the unrest quickly spread to Central and Southern Ukraine.
In this essay, you say
For such a diverse team, be on guard
We still had that much in common.
Take the time to take a closer look at what people are creating every year off the beaten track.
But only few are writing in English
Should Poor Countries Play Games?
How can people ask such stupid questions?
Social media has been a great way to communicate with fans of the show.
You just killed me, you who do not pay my money.
However, the conversation would often return to the question of cultural identity, especially for the communities located overseas.
This is how some bloggers shared the news
Google is famous for searching on the Internet.
These voters look to new politicians and hope politics will change their situation.
to the outside world as well.
After moving from Baghdad to Dubai I had almost given up on her posting again.
I am going home from work.
Well they have every right to demonstrate.
This process, he says, is not easy for Congolese refugees.
dead or alive, free or in jail, it is not about me personally.
we have seen many children go back to studying and many families discover new opportunities.
After being beaten, they are forced to exercise.
This is article has been updated.
Not only the State follows its citizens but increasing number of citizens follow the State.
Where will sports journalism end?
and I hope too that Sudan will return.
Who should have a passport?
Are these children at higher risk for some reason?
What made you shift your focus?
How did you get involved with Occupy Wall Street?
Why do the young people turn to Navalny?
A death here, or death there.
Today we will close with her telling us a little bit about learning Turkish
It only says that here in the Philippines, you can get away with your crimes.
The other bodies were returned to their families.
By the way, what kind of CHILDREN did use?
If we think about it together we might be able to do things beyond just empty talk.
Here are those found posted Wednesday night, Beijing time
I think it would be a very positive step if we had women in the presidential race.
We have nothing to offer but our words, and we are afraid that even this may be taken away.
Riots have spread throughout the country in protest.
And this may be as far as the process will go.
What about the National Human Rights Commission?
They show they care but no concrete measures are ever taken.
It was the Greek Coast Guard.
I use blogging to raise awareness of issues.
They would know that peace in the Middle East is not being achieved because of them, not us
Violence is considered as a means of education, whether it is at home or at school.
Human rights and videos Ethiopia
But seeing all the Arab countries participate is an enormous source of pride we should all share.
People who leave everything behind in search of a better future for themselves and their children.
Therefore I assume they would buy the songs they like in the future.
This ad is probably the only thing that can reach you.
Brunei, Thailand, Cambodia, and Malaysia.
He also links to his set of photos of the event on Flickr under a Creative Commons license.
The opinions of the citizens are as diverse as the nation itself.
Like in other armed conflicts, there are deaths from both sides.
Without accountability, there is no justice.
Some netizens suggest that even outside the country, there is little doubt about the outcome of the vote.
I had to walk because there was no public transportation.
Almost half of these children live in Dhaka city alone.
The problem is not the deal, but the numbers involved...
The same statement is being written by tens of fake accounts.
All the houses have new owners.
She has recently officially registered her brand and the final steps are in process.
Even if it is true we publish it.
Humanity and hope do not have national borders.
This is the cry of my people.
These were people decided to stop the polls from going forward.
We go to the polls in just a few weeks time.
The frustration about the seemingly slow response of the government is reflected on social media
Here is one of the few.
Will such information make any difference to us?
Conflict , therefore, is a normal and natural part of our lives.
Is that the whole answer?
She will not work as long as we have young children.
Can we apply here some common sense besides just law?
It has now been three years since he last saw his father.
Not with slogans and national campaigns.
They also prefer to remain anonymous for now.
I want to know why that letter was given the massive space.
If you have views in advance, you can start sharing them now in several ways
Malaysia is not alone in this.
I was aware that the police knew my real face and could guess that I was scared...
Editorial in The New York Times.
Instead of general development, we have the top position in the list of world poverty.
Russian Public Initiative front page.
How has blogging changed your life?
Whatever does happen, however, you can be sure Global Voices will cover it.
Both bloggers post in French.
It means politics for the whole family.
Those who run the site issued an official comment in the afternoon.
On Twitter the conversation was quite interesting as can be seen from the following tweets
Shared via Afghan Community in Europe Facebook page.
They were in the hundreds.
Here are some citizen media reactions on the story.
In fact, I never was.
A few weeks later, the company changed its position.
Where the hell is Taiwan  Global Voices Africa
Until now there has been no reflection on ethnic policy.
economy, education, and level of corruption.
Observers from another country can provide a different form of analysis of the election.
They block the road from at least one side.
Many human rights organizations, including LGBT Georgia have asked the officials to stop broadcasting the videos through TV channels
Government authorities have officially banned news coverage of his assassination.
If they find out that a child marriage is taking place, they say they will inform local police.
Made it in one piece.
This reform is strongly discussed by the feminist movement.
Even if its a limited project..
The blog also made the point that
Once more, we have proved what is now fact
The team enjoyed the process and was very happy about the outcome.
So did the war stop?
So where does the money go?
Did a test run today.
The results are drawing based on press photographs and other taken by witness of these events.
Time will tell how history will judge the Obama regime...
Whatever you give them, they will give twice as much back.
Several things came together to shape my writing life.
The TV Tokyo apology from eight years ago seems to be how it should be done.
Here I mean, in the Caribbean.
But there are administrative problems.
I just got my third job offer
A member from Anonymous gives water to police officers.
But as the years went by, more and more Japanese kids like me were entering the school.
and get to the point quickly
There are three of us . It is like this.
You can write your entry in any language, from any country.
They are all international so therefore the content comes from all over the world.
It is time to change policy.
But the government still feels safe, in spite of that.
And no black political leader said anything.
Funny sister gives a summary of the bill and concluded that
The largest part of the village is occupied by workers.
You never feed the fish you caught.
The books had a good focus from few Arab bloggers.
And when they were allowed in at last, they saw a dead man.
Her life there is not easy.
The political slogans sound more like jokes.
Or the tragedy of the system?
I even asked him for sex but he did not respond to my request.
God himself has recognized me as president.
But sometimes one feels whether the country is going to the dogs??
I fall to the ground.
It is a primarily a networking tool and also a forum where news and emerging issues are discussed.
well, you should meet her
The letter was signed by a group of Iranians, the majority of whom live in the United States.
why are you so afraid of the truth?
Now the most interesting part begins...
Now, sometimes they have differences and sometimes they are friends.
I feel for these people because they are people.
They went to their schools, and I went to mine.
They were going to follow it for part of their journey.
Back then it was different.
University students ask the new leader of Ecuador for
Going to vote with a book Time to vote
Right now I pray for peace in Kenya
Iranian authorities accused her of acting against national security.
Do You Know About the Deadly Violence Against Muslims in Sri Lanka?
It was the only meaning of the word that he had ever known.
The story of his arrest follows
Here are a few of their views.
It will take some time to build, however.
How did you end up in the USA?
We miss your days Mubarak ...
Zambian People Part of the question and session went like this
The truth was, it was never on the card.
but not what we have .....
The end of media as we know it.
What was your first video camera and what did you record with it?
The fighting has not stopped.
If not, then we will make a move, at any rate.
Explain to me, with your hair like that, why is it?
He had become the center of the company, such stories he had to tell.
So what exactly happens when it starts to rain?
Following are some of the topics with links to selected posts about each.
He had to leave Baghdad after constant threats due to his work as a journalist.
She was given a couple of weeks notice and that was the end of it.
A house in the northern area of So Paulo city.
On the other side of the conflict, we see
The Bulgarian Red Cross has promised volunteers, emergency aid, and financial support.
She brought me back to reading.
New research Who Has Your Back?
China Digital Times has a round up of their action.
Do you ever consider these questions?
For as many people as possible to see it and talk about it.
Other organizations also featured Palestinian voices who told their stories under occupation.
This has been a long time coming.
The Minister of Health at the time was in favor as well.
What is wrong is that we think we are above criticism.
He just fought for free access to the internet.
From every corner of a whole country.
The reaction of blogosphere was very intense and heated.
There is no safe place we can go to.
Then, there is the part about being late.
He also says that he does not feel sorry for the man who was shot dead by the police
Canadian Man Forced to Leave Nepal Over Controversial Tweets  Global Voices Ethnic Groups in Nepal.
No movie can cause me to take to the streets.
The competition rules are as follows
They are still, for now, all kept on record somewhere, written in details.
You first saw him here.
If God is willing, next Friday referring to a terrorist attack will be in Bahrain.
The documentary was well received.
The debate involves political parties, international observers and citizens in and outside Sudan.
What, for you, is at the heart of this issue?
Either way, whatever language, it is an excellent group to visit.
Do not put restrictions on the internet.
How do you feel about the recording of your attack being published on the Internet.
Is the world a better place yet?
They were a little late in getting home.
His hunger strike continues as I write this.
The future is with us.
Personally, have you already done so?
That they have shown their true nature.
So, what are we to do about it?
But they were all happy, because it gave them hope that everyone and anyone can win the prize.
What has to be done?
watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something.
And our first responsibility is to protect these rights.
It is time to find better ways of dealing with migration, citizenship, regional movement, and labor.
some were detained simply for having a connection to the activists.
I was shocked that such things can happen in Zambia.
Here I was born and here live my dear parents.
Elections Are Coming Up in Nigeria.
However, not everyone has had the same experience as Ahmad.
Sort out your problems on your own.
Academic society and state, it is time to talk.
If you love animals, join the animal rescue team in your community
Every Eid I ask myself why do people celebrate Eid and why are they happy with the occasion.
They are really great people by any standard.
The blogger wrote a letter to the authorities describing his experience.
Only this is a female version.
He was never able to stand others who stood up to him
Do you agree with closing of the roads to force out the government?
My heart goes out to the passengers, the families.
It takes a community to cover our community
Therefore, the coverage provided by bloggers has more details than can be expected from mainstream media.
Here is a news article on the issue.
In a larger sense, we wanted to give a voice to those who would otherwise have none.
It was then we realized that we should launch the campaign.
Four years have passed and Liu has lost his freedom for four years.
They will hate us without even knowing our stories.
The people of northern Cameroon are happy because thanks to his defeat, justice has been done.
Authorities often cited national security as the reason for blocking.
Take the movement from town to cities.
The other day, they came to me again.
After all, we have been waiting to hear this news for many years.
We still have a lot to learn and discover.
Seriously this man was not that famous or important to us.
A bank is no longer just a bank, and a country no longer just a country.
That dream came true this summer?
How do we write our history?
it was all the MPs who were present that were voting.
Speaking about the students who pushed them out, he said
We decide not to use it.
If they lose they will be jailed and tortured.
The couple argues that their contract is legal according to Lebanese law, and submitted it to the Interior Ministry.
The Lebanese have a strange relationship with their country.
This is a humanitarian issue.
But, have the numbers actually increased or is it the case that there is greater awareness of such crimes?
Public responsibility goes with public accountability.
He was unable to collect his award as he was imprisoned.
This is nothing new for Jordan.
But it has been three years, four months and seven days since his arrest.
Some people chose to watch live events on television or travel away from home.
They also made a call
According to popular belief, the first meant wedding coming up,
This stupid boy was caught on camera.
The interview was conducted in Spanish and I have translated it here.
The issues at hand are still ignored or made light of.
I am also doing this for myself.
Image from Flickr by Dying Regime.
Roughly translated, the comment in question reads
Who should we believe online?
She played a movie that was censored by government in her class.
Global Voices Online earlier reported the unrest here.
He also posts pictures of the protest.
The army has responded by saying they never fire first.
Much of the available information comes not from the Federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states.
And in the other hand there was a present ...
Share this message as widely as you can.
However, the issue of awareness remains a problem.
I have been searching the net and found terrible things.
Should we take the London Olympics away from London?
I have two African teams going through to the second round.
They lived poor and died poor...
Gaza is truly the symbol of dignity.
The incident has caught the public attention.
His father was from Kenya.
She thought she was going to die.
We know a waste of resources when we see it.
Some, however, are just strange.
Authorities have denied her an abortion.
A bit of background information
The meeting was attended by Global Voices.
We need to talk about these things.
who is monitoring Indian Facebook pages?
I told you we have to take a chance.
For sex workers, however, it is another story.
He asked people in the two countries not to believe everything they read and hear
But then I saw that I was being followed everywhere.
Is there some kind of organization?
He who gave in to his mind at a time when everyone gave up their minds has died
The advice sparked lots of criticism online.
Do you want to see everyone equally poor?
Youtube Blocked  Global Voices Several sources seem to confirm that youtube has been blocked in China.
It must be a guarantee enjoyed by all workers, both in public and private sector.
The movement has hosted two events so far.
This, under any circumstances, if nothing but a good thing.
We sent out this text message yesterday
The culture is very different, although the people are very nice and always offer to help.
It is important to us.
Will New Constitution Improve Governance?
Up until this moment, I did not believe in the existence of the people who vote for United Russia.
But the one thing I am sure about is that I would like to be part of it.
Let them make decisions on their own territory.
In this post, I will introduce you to some of them.
But some were opposed to the death penalty
Invite your friend to this event.
State institutions do not work, from health to national security to education to finance.
people looked at me as if I...
Read the first part here.
So why would you let one drive your country?
The reason that Kazakhstan is not developing is that there is no middle class.
What would the world be without teachers?
They come from all over the world
There are definitely more stories like this to go around.
He said the two incidents show that
Start here and work back.
When the journalists came asking for interviews, I just ran.
We already have a first generation of people who have worked with us for the first and second season.
Saudi Arabia is believed to be home to more than seven million foreign workers and their families.
Museum of Memory and Human Rights Museum of Memory and Human Rights.
Of course, there will be no new evidence.
We in Brunei, maybe a tiny country, but we can show the world that we can do something.
What do citizens want from their leaders?
We are only several kilometers apart and that will never change.
and I asked myself a question
What are some of the difficulties of running a project of this kind in Chile?
He was doing very well but now he is sick again.
Social media users quickly reacted to the story.
The statement also announced that they will contest the decision and added
How can I find him??
But nobody knows much about it.
Facebook promised no changes to this part of the policy.
Music for freedom and justice, music for a new Syria.
For context, no one in my school speaks English this well.
I was in Lebanon this past winter.
And so I say, the next revolution will not be out in the streets.
And Moroccan Ahmed had a different view
It is at times like this you can see that blogging comes into its own above other journalism.
Work like this will change the world.
From where, exactly, do they expect the money to come?
In social media we already have interesting characters who have more influence that one would think.
This is an abuse of rights.
Does Peru have Internet Freedom?
This anger gives me courage to fight on.
Public transportation does not always exist.
This was going to happen.
Can you introduce yourself and your blog to us?
I no longer think that it is any of those things.
He explained the importance of these hand signs
It all started with a photo.
Gaza streets are full of celebrations.
Why not leave these children alone for now..
There were so many changes we should have pushed for.
And is the result of such an approach.
He wrote this about his Twitter experience
Kids are at peace with who they are
Without a doubt, the most affected are the students who have gone months without classes.
Nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are.
A decade later, it is time to celebrate that global union.
See also the official site for the demonstration.
What a sorry nation we have become
The video has since been blocked in Saudi Arabia.
at the hospital and in court.
To all the women out there
Those were moments when I felt so full of hate for everyone and everything.
Bloggers discussed these two events with posts and photos.
Nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers.
But I am not afraid
But to that argument I respond by saying this
This is just one example.
This is a real president.
rather more than the average Christmas turkey, and very expensive for many families.
He expressed his opinion about parties and whatever he says, I support him.
There are so many problems in the country that should be immediately addressed.
This is an important conversation.
What if she had been murdered?
Where is the sense of freedom?
What did you do for entertainment?
In general, your position is correct, and I guess I agree with it.
The fighting, though continue till next year, will solve none of the issue of borders.
Will we be able to have access anywhere to clean safe water?
This will be the name of a book that holds a collection of short stories Israeli bloggers wrote.
I started reading his blog and also came across some other interesting blogs.
Violence against indigenous women has increased in recent times.
He write on his entry to his third year of blogging about his personal blogging experience
indicated great activity and excited me.
Personally, I believe it is a good way especially since science provides us with the tools to achieve this.
Police protecting the Constitutional Court from peaceful citizens.
Will you include a story about it?
Nigerian Food Channel Facebook page.
What kind of support can people offer to you, to the people of Gaza and to Palestinian climate activists?
The incident was also defined as a terrorist assault.
Did Hong Kong Just Reveal What It Really Values With Controversial Award?
Beat me to death in front of a hundred people.
Its members point out that
More serious discussions have formed around the possibility of this data being used to investigate and monitor citizens.
NGO Japan Association for Refugees says
The Environmental Heritage of the Country is Threatened by Mining Colombia
The office is now closed.
The best way to get people to see your Human Rights video is to tell others about it
However, no proof has yet to be presented.
How many official members do you have?
This post is part of our special coverage Morocco Protests.
A lot more will come out in the next few days...
How did Iranians react to the survey?
Additional information for our judges
On the other hand, Russia has announced that it is ready to sell new weapons to Syria.
What is interesting is how little this has been the focus of attention recently.
Here are links to our previous posts covering this topic
I, for one, will miss him deeply.
One of the men recorded the entire process on a camera.
In Taiwan, this is the major platform for people to comment on current affairs or even organize citizen action.
The blog is updated every Sunday.
Going Nuclear  Global Voices Indonesia is going nuclear
Live seems to be as usual, anyone can walk around the street, some companies still open.
What is time if nothing changes?
This has grown into a trend.
Are they waiting for our recognition?
No deaths, no seriously wounded ...
Leaves do everything here it seems.
I was searching for him all around for about an hour.
Do we have to wait until, as Mother Beirut, our women find themselves without faith nor hope?
The post is both in English and Russian.
The current trend is bad.
During the session he said
Almost all the leading English newspapers published a censored version of the cover.
There should be a clear law regarding this.
However, it gained much attention and support in internet community with many different people joining it.
We find ourselves in a reduced space and the only situation we want to control is finding a seat.
He made an appeal to his readers
The above video shows some of this work.
We have come a far way, I believe.
Here she posts some of the letters from bloggers.
It is more important not to do such things in this democratic era.
But then I remembered that it was not possible.
There have been some isolated incidents of violence in the past few months but nothing big.
I suspect what I wrote this time is hand on heart
I gave them some advice and let them do all the work by themselves.
I like the Thought Leader blog and the way it has been put together.
As could be expected, these talks also ended without reaching any agreement.
And it is only fair to say that no matter who you are ...........
Commercial sector leaders and ordinary citizens are invited to submit their opinions in written form.
This is a lot, very rarely, if at all.
From the moment we are living in the country
We are talking of different things.
I appreciate that they made this a rule.
Their average daily income is less than two US dollars.
A judge approved the marriage.
What follows are the results of our study
The system of governance in Iran is terrible.
The Lebanese were given the same welcome..
Global Voices July first in China is many things.
Reports can be made via the website, text message and via Twitter hashtag.
Or this video explains the process a refugee needs to follow if they need to receive medical attention
Many people have covered, blogged and written about the DA and what they are doing online.
That stands for Best of Blogs.
Several old guards from his own National Resistance Movement have come out openly to oppose him.
People could hardly wait for these warm days that have come with the beginning of spring.
A coup is possible in Uzbekistan, but not a revolution.
The fact that Iraq did not have weapons of mass destruction was not important.
Did the world become civil?
Egyptians took the streets for democracy, human rights and to improve their living conditions.
It really is a great program.
How did you end up with Global Voices and what has made you stay?
That is why we left the room.
Several key players are creating new markets with the support of government agencies.
did you tweet about that??
All we can do now is sit and wait to see what happens next.
His main stage is in China now.
A student protest in Sudan.
Far from Morocco to Israel, Bahrain, Libya, Jordan, Iraq and many more bloggers.
yet each historical event remains unique.
They really included all the little details.
As for the incident in which the Italian activist fell into the sea, ...
Taxi driver in Mexico City.
It almost always works out for the best.
We start with you and I.
Then she turned to me and said
Where is my country heading to?
What will make a newspaper special?
It is a reflection of public opinion.
Instead, he was forgotten about and spent more than five decades there.
We can also add news, events and feature stories to the site if they become useful at some point.
one for the volunteers and the other for the organizations.
But today this world is very far from any kind of justice.
Public awareness of the soldiers who have taken their own lives has grown recently.
The banner of the day read
In his address to the Zambian National Assembly, Mr Ban said
She also says that the results of the investigation should be public.
Finally Spring arrived and a new year
Photo from the United Nations.
I must say I fell for him.
In those few days one of my friends visited me twice.
It is a truly unique and enormous project and for once something that is far away from politics.
First, I did not support the way it started in the south of Kyrgyzstan.
She sent for him three months later.
There was nothing else to do, people ...
We were not even in the sea.
At least one car goes through every few minutes, he says.
The result was that I let myself go.
Not to mention the United States.
Some countries feel left out and pushed.
Anything short of this causes us to call for their heads.
For further information please contact me at
I have shared the picture in my own Facebook Wall.
A great man with a big heart.
So, these six so far and two more?
Losing a child is hard enough.
Some of the videos contain graphic material United States
what country will the baby be a citizen of?
Generation after generation grew up in that house.
Perhaps, in this he is right.
The latest decision has brought similar responses on Twitter.
The latter denied any involvement.
Want to discuss our latest cover?
And, of course, talk about sex.
that theory was and is sound.
What if we have forgotten the difference between dreams and reality?
It is seen that peace activists, lawyers and journalists are also being targeted and threatened online in Pakistan?
The narrative was almost too good to be true...
Without this, we will not have good roads, good schools, good hospitals or good public institutions.
I am the wife of the owner of a small, independent meat market.
From the Blogosphere  Global Voices Bangladesh
The Day After Tomorrow, a Kyiv edition
who are now above the law.
I pretty much like the idea of having such a campaign on this day.
People no longer believe that demonstrations and protests can achieve anything positive.
In other words, did they stop spreading and are fighting for existence only?
It sounds as if they know nothing about law.
Therefore the event had a whole significance this time.
We targeted the villages that were kind of forgotten by international aid.
Is there a particular reason why you chose that name?
As usual their opinions are diverse and interesting.
We can still fight to stop the project.
Syrian TV was the only source of information and footage so far.
For whom was this downtown built?
If so, why should foreign platforms react to the demands of Russian authorities?
The contemporary reader needs to understand how governments, public actors and agencies really work.
Another had ended before it began.
We can somehow notice this phenomenon by looking at local volunteers that take part in this event.
There are Christians and Muslims in Ghana.
and the majority condemned corruption.
For most Chinese it is extremely difficult to travel abroad, especially outside the South East Asian region.
How do you achieve this?
Can the Syrian revolution win?
I will not talk about black and white.
Here are two initial questions I have
As a role model, could she have an HIV test?
But and this is our problem we still love something that was called Iraq.
My message to the American media
In other words, the assault against these men failed.
The man has a couple of blogs on Livejournal.
So, my honest opinion is
On the people of Iran, the blogger says
Right, more money should be given for a new terrorist attack.
Even now if his health was important to us we should go towards the hospital.
Hamas is taking credit for his release to show that they brought security and law and order to Gaza.
The ban has had other costs
He adds we can not find a poet or writer who has not faced censorship in Iran.
Please get to know him better and do not forget him.
A law will not work in Tajikistan.
The story quickly received international attention on the blogosphere.
As one Foreign Ministry official said
Watch the video report here.
These are the more fundamental questions to ask.
If there is a person who wants to fight corruption, he or she will easy find supporters and experts.
And what will my generation have left, If we let our guard down and lose the country?
However, remember the value of your own hard work and intellectual property.
I imagine it being similar to the first one.
The Soviet Union quickly added it to its territory.
The same is happening in heritage buildings in Beirut and almost everywhere.
I can see it every day and I will never own it.
In my view, there are five key reasons why people blog.
The refugees will most probably not agree with him.
Many people in these regions have died, many more became refugees.
So What If I Am a Girl
I happened to catch them as they were in the process of doing it.
The hope is that all these different stories will perhaps help us understand which Europe we really want.
This book is quote upon quote.
What Happened To The Money?
Do they think the world needs more death?
However this is not due to a lack of sources.
An entire country has faith in you
The letter begins  Russia
Everyone but the lawyer had to wait outside.
But the country is more than a set of parties.
Today was the second time for me to vote, but the first time in a democratic atmosphere.
Good old days are back.
Is a police officer the one to judge or decide where to draw the line in this case?
The citizen shooting the video comments
He adds in another post
the best have both, this one has neither.
In fact, all the employees on board learned and grew with the newspaper.
Internet censorship is always a big deal for bloggers writers and readers, let alone the average Internet user.
They are doing all this for a reason.
Tajikistan does not have the law.
Today I start my journey in my little space
When was Facebook shut down?
What is to be done about the situation?
Water and Women  Global Voices A time to reflect on a place where water is everything.
they managed to make me feel the fear.
Did you see the others?
We need to come up with something..
That is all for this week.
His team is working hard on his return to the Kyrgyz Republic.
They occupied the Government House for several months.
What was that about, exactly?
An edited version in English appears below with permission.
If she is a Muslim, is a wedding possible?
For the last two weeks it was one of the main topics of discussions in the Tajik society.
The portal is obviously a hit with many Indians.
It is republished on Global Voices under a content partnership agreement.
the main question is what will the new US Administration do?
If there was a time when the international community could reach out in solidarity, this is it.
What will it take for them to wake up?
Do not get it mixed up.
To block him from speaking in Jamaica is great injustice.
A common standard or operation model of bloggers with like interests will probably help in pushing this common perspective.
Does he feel their pain, does he begin to suffer together with them?
Can you describe the events leading up to your decision to leave Uganda?
There was an army of police there...
Have made yet another step towards understanding
Opposition groups have warned demonstrators that they are likely to meet a tough response from the security forces.
India Political Blog has details.
And this has left some Japanese Twitter users disappointed.
So, it was good for them to have moved so quickly.
To name every single one of the women so that they are not forgotten.
Nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted.
But I am a human with big dreams.
to improve sex education among youth.
That is more than the British government gave to Zambia in aid over the same period.
We look forward to meeting you again.
English AFRICA AND THE MIDDLE EAST
Some tweets included information and statistics
So this government needs more such laws and policies to control situation.
You can communicate in your own way.
First six seats announced  Global Voices First six seats to be announced officially in Zimbabwe elections
Young people said they will not allow them to perform.
But this is not to be
Because I choose to serve our state.
One one things on her attempt to know more about other faith systems.
It happened two weeks ago, the night before his father left on a business trip to South America.
But some of us Africans are deeply committed to the values Europe and the west brings to us
But does anyone really ever talk about it?
Neither was there a single drop of blood on the seat.
First, we know who he is, what he is worth, and what we can expected of him.
However, the blog notes, a genuine desire to find a peaceful solution seems to be missing.
Now there are only two kinds of people that can have a US passport.
The situation would be considered critical for any country.
Iraqi bloggers fill in the background about the area and people affected.
But the place, once we got there, was quite pretty.
In Singapore, you can only protest in a park.
He was born here, has never been to Georgia.
Bloggers of Indian origin from across the world came together and wrote, and wrote and wrote.
That said, we are already doing something.
It was nice to receive calls and know that people are concerned.
Gender rights are still a huge issue in Nigeria.
Bloggers can pick how to focus on the topic.
this is a historic day.
Security guards opened fire and killed at least one person on spot and injured several more prisoners.
Shame on you and on your sense of honor.
So Australia is the next China obviously.
In the past, a number of such incidents have been highlighted by citizen journalists.
Run for President  Global Voices Think you know how to run Armenia?
Which ones do you trust the most?
This petition will soon be sent to the presidential administration and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Tajikistan.
Access to drinking water and electricity is a dream for many.
How did you get involved in blogging?
As an Israeli, I feel deep shame for what we are doing to you
Most blogs wish everyone well during this month.
If you have any questions about traveling in Japan, feel free to contact Accessible Japan as well.
I asked myself that before and now I am asking myself again, well my answer is
And, in that case, a number of people who do that would be very small.
That could lead to important developments, some of which we probably cannot even imagine.
Should they be allowed to teach their languages in the schools?
I was busy and thought I might be able to meet him some other time.
But China is not alone in this.
But at the same time, a lot of men support us, even in Morocco.
Her blog, Updates from El Salvador, reflects the life of her ministry.
It was only a matter of how frequent.
We want to capture the voices of the poor people and those who are struggling in their life.
I found it funny and showed it to different people when the subject came up...
My impression is that a key issue for many Cuban bloggers is freedom of expression.
I feel very sorry for them.
For one whole week he never let her stay alone.
Colombia, women on the net . What is a blog carnival?
More dialogue through film  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Caucasus Conflict Voices.
Something interesting that I found in twitter is that you can find all types of people, such as
Whether the government is willing to do so is quite another matter.
Many of them were also arrested.
Not for those who seem to deserve being there, it appears.
Perhaps one of the worst in Russia.
next up is the man and the remaining dog.
The second part of this article will feature the views of Thai bloggers.
It will just lead them all to hospital with HIV and AIDS
Did something happen to the power lines AGAIN?
There has been no evidence of this.
This article represents the official view.
It is not known how long the process could take.
to fight to get proper education and better job.
we number over a hundred.
No one is funny, interesting, or worth having a conversation with.
And what does a person need to do if they want to become a tour guide on your site?
In Syria, he thought he had to help.
And what a person that was
Women at the camp say the psychological terror has not stopped since construction began.
It provides exactly the same reason.
Then they both visit a prison.
According to accounts on Twitter
All the boys were required to keep personal daily account books.
AT least three boat people now dead.
When did you first see the video of your attack?
I was just trying to remember how many steps I have to make to get back inside the office.
This lack of action and organization will be used against us the protesters in every way possible. ...
Today they fled their house and went to relatives.
This article has been updated.
I think Indian men need to learn to hear the NO.
I would like to ask only
And I think it should have its own article, it should be every article in every national newspaper.
Military Service  Global Voices Military service in Korea
What will the world remember you for?
find their way to their relatives in the UK.
Those who are attacking the protesters should have supported them with a word or a stance instead.
Those behind the attack remain at large.
The ability to communicate and organize is particularly important in political terms.
This means that the houses are spread out and many essential services are far away, including the water points.
Messages written on the stand
And since then and beating the protesters is going on.
Still, even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect.
We want our citizens not to live in fear, but in an atmosphere of freedom, democracy and justice.
No one forced you to do so.
They were shooting from everywhere.
Come out whenever you can and show your support for refugees
Based on this, representatives of foreign countries will also come to the same conclusion.
Yet i cannot justify the consequences of this fear.
Her family told the embassy and they have her.
One group in particular decided to take matters into their own hands.
There is the activist community.
It has always been difficult the terrorism in Russia to be kept under control.
Even television channels deal with the issue in a similar manner.
In the first place, nobody voted for the first lady.
Their discussions bring shame onto the Tajik nation.
One of the organisations working actively to bring about change is Fair Agenda.
All means are good for treatment.
How did you learn and what do you make of it?
Plus, the potential of pollution increasing as more cars hit the road.
When you are back, you will be stronger with a lot more experience.
Russia has become stronger since Soviet Union fell apart.
People, after all, are not that different from each other.
Did his hope reach you?
This time, two sites will be the focus
Photo released to public domain via Wikimedia Commons.
More and more videos are uploaded on social networks and video sharing websites.
Who Is Behind the Attack?
And that was not all.
We are not a city so we are not important?
In such a terrible environment the workers deal with waste and their children grow up.
We understand their problems according to the needs they express, we are able to develop solutions for their patients.
We all are so familiar with this line of argument.
the documentary is not available online.
Now they are killing one every month, maybe they will speed up to do the same weekly.
Many things have changed since then.
There have been five articles so far, starting with this introduction to the series last Monday
Is Telegram Really Safe for Activists Under Threat?
They were brought before the court at least a dozen times.
But we were really going to do it.
This is a grave injustice.
When did the Black Looks blog start?
One wonders what they are trying to achieve.
They also injured the blind men and his wife.
Aside from making comments, netizens can also vote in favor or against the ideas given by others.
but now he is unique, different..
Who do you think you are?
Is the solution changing the governing system?
Any plans to occupy it ??
There have already been violent incidents.
A majority of South Korean net users expressed support for the newly implemented law.
Why get yourself disappointed in people?
I think I would worry about those a lot more.
well, how do you know that this blog or that is of a terror?
but did they do it?
Regarding the results of the first meeting
Now he learned to read and write in German.
Justice and freedom is for all.
So our feelings are kind of mixed between doubt, fear and hope.
What can be done to strengthen the agricultural economy?
And it is this sharing that make us grow together into a community.
Specifically, she is alleged to have had
And it arrived in bad shape
In her comments section, three bloggers respond.
And this would affect the whole world.
So beautiful that period was
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men.
China is not a free and democratic country.
Who do they think they are?
Just leave it to me.
Vladimir Putin, as the Internet knows him.
There are many of my students that I like.
Why would Obama want to come to Nigeria?
There is no alternative to democracy in Armenia.
We want to do a better job bringing people from different community members together in future projects.
He writes in a post entitled
What do you think is the future for online investigative journalism in Africa?
So I began with what we held in common
Blog Roundup  Global Voices A Czech roundup
They also have a website to present that information and news about the association.
People commenting on this post also had mixed reactions.
Little is being said about this issue in both mainstream and social media.
Are they saying that they will agree with everything the Obama administration does until the end of his term?
That has been the big goal for some time although the results are somewhat mixed.
Among the questions they ask
He also visited organizations in the US that are willing to provide legal support for the victims.
I respect you then and will always.
Earlier, the protesters had decided they would use two tools
What is the current situation in the area where you are?
Tweets here, and this post will be added to as the conference continues.
I can only hope that more will be able to learn the necessary skills to improve their own lives.
On his Twitter account, his last posting is about that match
Bloggers from the Cuban diaspora were less diplomatic about their reactions.
The car still remains popular with taxi drivers, some politicians and tourists.
Instead, he gave evidence by video link.
Of course, the situations were different.
They wrote on their Facebook wall
We are here to serve the people.
He also addressed the possibility of developing electronic games in the region.
How much does it cost to study in Canada?
How do Korean bloggers consider the Korean War?
Following are some photographs of that historical day of elections posted by netizens on social networking sites
Somehow, the status was shared and soon went viral.
More information is available in this post
Who made him this way?
Will the Largest Financial Prize in the World Improve Governance in Africa?
In the war, children were murdered or forced to enter the war as child soldiers.
With the group of boys it is different.
Why not before Malaysia went down this route?
While many users welcomed this idea, the others asked if it made sense at all.
This goes hand in hand with the question before I think.
Death threats against her increased.
The program includes other panel discussions focused on citizen journalism and new media from an international perspective.
Come Saturday, you can add a virtual world appearance to the list.
The street was never covered by water at the place where we lived...
Tell them that true power is to respect others freedom and build up on that.
as they fled the gas.
And I say, that depends on the work we do, not only the lawyers.
What about raising our voices?
No, even not a serious incident it was.
Today no South American country has high definition.
or Anonymous Blogging into your own language.
No more funding for advocacy groups
The writers explain the potential controversy on the draft law.
They asked to send a text message . Ordinary village people.
And everyone puts up a good front.
A Lack of Water in Mexico City  Global Voices Mexico City is running out of water.
their links are in this post from my blog.
I can go without access to a computer for a month.
I would like also ask Global Voices to participate and help promote Afghan blogs.
We are not African because we are born in Africa, we are African because Africa lives in us.
What should the authorities have done?
Engage vulnerable communities and civil society.
Yet when will the Syrian people reach their limit?
It means that I do not accept injustice.
Who else has said something?
They need to place where they can understand that their ideas mean something.
I thought the people would hate us here.
Everyone wants to have a good life.
More as I get it.
This experience will have happened to many of you.
However, in the United States, the state is the government.
Who is going to decide what has to stay and what needs to go?
Since the ministry is gone, no one can find a subject to blame.
But it no longer works.
For the interesting finds section for this week
The Voice of Bangladeshi Bloggers comments
Another half through a project.
I joined a political party then and have been active in party politics ever since.
What do you think they will do?
However, for many those measures do not appear to be enough.
The letters are mainly from Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore and some from the Philippines.
It also serves to strengthen my own faith identity.
For him, the conflict, tension and violence are all around.
Others shared their ideas about the campaign
After all is said and done ...
Is this really what religion has been reduced to in Uganda?
And in a follow up post, she wrote
Half an hour before the beginning, both she and I were offered to say something by the organizers.
Photo from Facebook page of the group.
Our team is the best, our supporters are the best.
I have memories of cities as we have memories of love.
Bloggers, many of them from the Cuban diaspora, have been sharing their thoughts on this new development.
We want equality in power relationships and living conditions.
Photo published under Creative Commons license.
They have several common features.
Besides India, Myanmar is the other country which shares a border with Bangladesh.
But it turned out that even such a huge number of security forces was not enough.
The security threat is cited as the reason
In most cases they are not up to what a journalist does.
What would I like to read in a site like GV?
Some also expressed concerns in this regard.
An edited version is republished below.
It is not news for the obvious reasons.
If you are too afraid to stand up for your rights, then you might as well leave the country.
There is a fine line to be walked here.
Could it also be divided according to country?
A year and a half later, things are quite different.
Neither is it of the followers.
Third, she is not a young person.
So where does this leave us?
And why, when I get into a taxi, do I always speak to the driver in Arabic?
So good, in fact, that I brought one back to the United States with me.
When did you start your activities on the Internet and what attracted you to the blogosphere?
The celebrations usually take place in January.
It was not clear what happened.
The government website reported that a state of emergency was issued in the area.
Everyone seems to have something to say about these workers, be it good or bad.
And we want to ask, whether we ...
They called for her immediate release.
Thank you, Barack Obama, for giving all of us new hope for a changed America.
By the door, I saw something that I still think about when I think about the terrorist act...
until he became one of them.
You know, the American Holiday today.
How have netizens reacted it?
Every one of you may end up being taken away.
Yet, these cases are few of many.
My opinions changed from the first year I wrote in this blog.
The worst incident the worst experience I had to ever witness and go through
Were you surprised by the way it grew?
But this was not the only incident.
As usual they will lie about shooting to the air while they shoot straight at people.
English language must be taught as a second language.
I was surprised though that there were not more than that.
These images are widely available online
The question is, with whose support.
I think they come to Peru to learn what not to do.
All the links in this post lead to Portuguese language pages, except when otherwise noted.
I love the internet because you can do things like this directly now.
The software can run on mobile for sending different types of documents.
Beyond the actual situation of the community center is the issue of media coverage.
Will we lose our freedom of speech?
He has been denied access to his lawyer and was told by authorities that he must change lawyers.
If fact this week two separate blogs announced the publication of two new books on the Kurdish question
God willing, everything will turn out fine and your hopes will come true.
So Where Do You Want to Stay?
But for Trump, of course, none of these problems are really his problems at all.
They also defended the rights of some users to remain anonymous when expressing their views.
Can you describe a little bit about the documentary itself and then also the reactions to it.
This is a wrong in law.
Now I have this strange feeling.
A film that was shot entirely on location ...
Supporters have set up this blog, in Arabic and English, to update readers on the case.
You can view the full text of the ruling here.
Concerning the technical part of things
Democracy is moving forward in Middle East.
In some border areas, Chinese and Vietnamese languages are also taught to students.
You can feel it in the streets
It then was called a Civil War.
The bus began to move . I got up and went.
Well, some of us are on the way to becoming true opinion leaders
There is a constant tension in the air.
Citizen media is encouraging people to take part in the demonstrations today and tomorrow.
Perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent.
receive very little in return ...
I have been listening to this for the last five year
The country has more important problems, he says.
He was tortured to death.
but for defending public education?
According to a New York Times article from the period
The Old Police Headquarters were also damaged by a car bomb.
Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Caucasus Conflict Voices.
His prosecution do not meet the standards of a fair trial.
I believe that I am not the only one who thinks so.
What role do you think blogging plays in this situation?
The position has generated no benefit for myself and others and what remains is just a title.
Global Voices Want to make money in Guyana?
A New Era In The Fight Against AIDS?
For more details and updates on the news the blogs quoted above can be a good start.
Finally, the blogger contributed his own commentary
In Russia, this practice is not widespread.
I am always in solidarity with another journalist.
Three Ethiopian journalists are currently on trial for terrorism charges.
There was widespread flooding and property damage, as well as two reported deaths.
When the mining companies came, everything changed.
Global Voices A new literary magazine, based in Trinidad and Tobago, also has its own blog, here.
I think maybe two years.
But these Western countries do care about themselves.
Are there enough observers about?
The other has to do with the future and how we can use what we have learned.
We hope that they will all stay with us in the future.
They want to move on.
It can be a good thing...
Below is a selection of posts about the war, written by Israeli women, in Russian.
Have you ever heard them protest?
Can you describe the software you use to read and write on the computer without seeing?
Others have left the country.
They are very active on this field.
If there would be peace one day it has to be on our own terms.
What should we make of ...
Like when your parents suddenly liked the same music that you did.
As usual, we heard about the news from abroad before anything was said here.
Per is a great journalist who helped me get connected when I was in Egypt.
Let me know if you find out who the boy is, please.
They must have thrown it somewhere.
The long walk to school For our final story we have a journey.
He was a man with ideas and dreams.
And so, a very happy day.
As for the Parents Concern Group, its members are mostly middle class who are not interested in social issues.
After sharing links on the breaking news in Iraq, she challenges her followers on Twitter
What are their topics of interest?
Or they would simply call home less often.
Is it cost effective to send a huge number of reporters?
the season usually starts in January...
I thought to myself why am I going to this place?
At that moment, the music starts.
Now, back to the subject.
Take it to the streets.
But this scene took my mind back to those days.
You close your computer and think
Holding up the strike sign.
I did my best not to let this conflict spread outside of livejournal.
And what lessons does this teach the future generation?
You must all have a listen.
But you cannot have everyone open whatever they want.
Launching a satellite is a good thing, even really good.
The Egyptians are famous for their jokes.
he felt he was noting it, as if it were something he might think about when he grew stronger.
The Zambia Reports wrote about the break in Facebook posts
But there is no peace when the war ends.
Out and out and never to return again.
The worst, those were just a few.
I was told that the next day at the event, abortion was discussed.
Obviously it will not happen.
I could never tell him how much I missed him or ask him how he was doing.
On Twitter, some images show the state of roads in the aftermath
The victim of this act is the Governor of Gaza.
We want people to know about such people.
My wishes were very personal.
The second stage was the most violent.
Who among them are giving the real statistics and the real state of the nation?
Communist Cuba announced it will cut one million state jobs and SUPPOSEDLY encourage small business.
argentina is the best team till now.
In the past year two new services focused on Peruvian blogs have appeared
I will never ever accept it.
Local police officers did not investigate her case.
what has been said, has been said.
but the politicians never learn.
For more details see the original announcement in Japanese.
I heard in other parts of town that more were arrested by security forces.
Global Voices Photo by Flickr user Canadian Pacific.
This campaign is a part of a much larger effort.
He introduces the collection by saying
We hope that this solution will help us to raise more money.
Using social networks as a surveillance tool?
Let me tell you something you already know.
How do you update your Facebook in China?
The way out that they found was the road
A criticism often made of cultural events in Bahrain is that many of the artists involved are not Bahraini.
We easily practice corruption at all levels of society
Why should Korean women not do military service?
Here are a few of his tweets from that night
The blogger also posts pictures of different parts of the city.
Here are some of the most telling
Or were those broken campaign promises as well?
This is a land which seems to have everything.
In many cases people got arrested and spend a night or two in prison.
That is, until a couple of weeks ago, when one party took the initiative.
Take a chance to change the world
My daughter, who had been blogging for five years, finally convinced me to try and I liked it.
And he made the pass out in the open on television.
This, if any one has done the research, must have been a top secret.
If you think this is an outrage, join the club.
We should all be concerned about these developments.
We have to wait and see.
Despite this, Thai citizens have used social media to speak out and draw attention to conditions in the country.
Her future was decided for her
Yet you knew all this at the beginning of the year.
The following should be our reasons to stand by the sides of our fellow citizens
Are there places you have seen updates coming from, that have surprised you?
Why not at his local church?
It hit a million visits after one week.
This time around, the voting was well covered by media.
The leader of the ruling party has passed away...
It is too bad that they call you a human.
It is not the first time that something like this has happened
I say strange, because that was not my initial intention.
It is often said that you can go anywhere in the world and you can find a Bolivian.
I know the story behind it.
Earlier today we linked to websites with live updates of this historic event.
I struggle by simply telling the truth.
It followed one already republished in English on Global Voices Online yesterday.
These are normal reactions and they are to be expected.
Along with her colleagues, she initiated various campaigns to demand the right of citizens to access platforms like YouTube.
The move has drawn international and local criticism.
That was when the gun went off.
Common human values are wonderful, of course.
Not having enough funds to fund our activities especially our digital training.
Our people are amazing.
In the beginning, bloggers were not the focus.
Many of those organizations are unknown to many in Iran.
projects from South or Central America?
I was held up a bit trying to make a left turn.
All of the projects in mainland China are vulnerable when facing powerful government censorship.
Her post sounds like this
A year ago, a young woman wrote
Send me a private message if you need help with translation next time.
Currently, there is no any basis for further negotiations.
At the time of writing, the four remain in jail.
But in China, it is different.
Many people looked down on us and put us through hard times.
We have discussed earlier about the use of internet in the campaign and activism for an informed vote.
My feelings could very well be the result of it not being recognized for so long, who knows.
One such call recently went viral.
Within a couple of hours, everyone just stopped.
not everyone who posts information on the Internet is a blogger.
Things you should know about the event
Criticizing Press Freedom in Ethiopia is a good thing.
It also has a collection of materials which celebrate the culture of north Thailand.
Another week full of essential reads.
To do a military attack on an economy a hundred times smaller?
We were taken into our cell.
I had my first child.
I do not use the word community much, and do not trust it.
hope for UN peace deal, Russia and the Assad regime talking about talks.
I am falling in love too.
The local law here would hold me till they check clear back home, and maybe more than that.
the people who are watching him know why, too.
We want people to understand that it is not a game.
This is a government that has not yet begun to rule, and has certainly never stopped campaigning.
Hoping to wake up to good news from Egypt.
Tell me about your relationship with loss, and of your art with loss.
How are these measures affecting the daily lives of local residents?
A Historical and Critical Study.
How can he be an officer of law enforcement.
Global Voices is a very good opportunity to do this.
Also it is the time to introduce more and more Value Added Services which goes beyond the entertainment.
The case has been used by opposition politicians in Kazakhstan against the president.
There are no answers, of course, for something like this.
The banning of the parade caused a riot.
On this day last year we voted for the first time after the war.
It is all a wonderful idea.
Iraq the Model has a great picture of Iraqi women getting internet skills and blogging training.
In addition, this was also claimed, with no commitment, by the media.
The protests called for free and fair elections.
The staff would like to help, but politicians say there is no place for gay men in Africa.
The video and photos below cover some of the action...
And they have made progress since Obama came into office.
Sometimes I think about that.
History is made in a day and that history for Obama, Kenya and Africa is made today.
Just in case, you know.
Obama is not out to get the enemy.
In fact it was very common doing to jobs at the same time.
There were terrible sounds of shooting and killing and destruction.
On Twitter, citizens from all over the world have raised their voices.
It is a real problem.
The two men have denied the charges.
What do you hope to achieve with this blog?
But now, it was reported and could not be circulated on Weibo.
We have also seen some intense reactions from bloggers.
A missed opportunity, no less.
They get so much recognition that sometimes movies are presented first to the bloggers and then to official press.
This is a very serious matter.
They are indeed poor, but they have so much potential and energy once you let them express themselves.
And for him to receive his salary, we pay taxes.
and argues that Chile apparently did learn something
The election has ended with much violence.
Who gives you the right?
I asked her if she would, and she said she would not.
But it had to be that way.
But sometimes, we fail to collect.
Do they watch television and read newspapers?
in contrast, Havana Times says
What about comments on these posts?
They are found in documents, studies, the Internet and other sources for the serious journalist.
The English version is here though the interesting comments are on the Spanish version.
They were some kind of administrative workers.
I can understand that as a local government, you have no experience dealing with this kind of mass incident.
I wonder how that would go down.
The Reality shows and stuff?
He was also asked about all the telephone numbers which were registered on his cell phone.
We need to come up with ways to deliver the same content from other sources.
France has been rejected twice
So with the big event starting today, I read this story and was pretty shocked.
How i hate that day
He was an important activist who worked for peace between the Kurdish and Turkish communities.
This conspiracy is on since long.
As a professional, I have also worked in various countries
She caught my attention from the very beginning.
The struggle for Human Rights has no borders
He was the face of the nation.
What was the atmosphere like?
Taking into account all of these facts, we need to take measures to control such information.
I can hear my heart beat.
We must take nice pictures of ministers.
The floods have completely isolated it from the rest of the world.
Find out the differences and thus the direction.
And he did it his way.
They base their arguments on some constitutional articles but according what I understand the latter is right.
The reason for this is that
Did you find anything interesting for you in this research?
Now you would think that CNN and BBC would be covering this right?
Please like and comment on this photo.
It turned out to be a very emotional evening.
I just pay close attention to the world of IT.
As our conversation draws to a close, a young boy runs by.
He says that the Soviet Union is already over and our children are not property of Mayor.
We got some, but not as much as we were hoping to.
Just saw my son take off.
The rally would be one of a kind.
For each and every journalist.
Today another post dedicated to the voices from Iraq.
We can then have something to discuss.
Is there anything that regular people like us can do to protect our land?
It can happen to any of us.
In the case of the Philippines, on the other hand, activism is a dangerous field.
Navalny stayed home on Unity Day, claiming to have come down with a cold.
The port management decided not to investigate with the employees ...
One Iranian posted to Twitter
I will focus on what I believe is the most important reason
What lessons has this experience taught you?
I was staying in a hotel and had just developed a cold.
Otherwise, you would assume all the consequences of such violation.
Most people find out about Doing through social media.
You never know who might be inspired to get involved.
Nothing to be explained here.
In its place, two new bus stations opened
Nigerians abroad do not need to go home
These are some of the stories that have been shared on social media that would not be heard otherwise.
In front of the Parliament.
If I have an opportunity to go to Space, I will go.
I felt something was missing.
I meant him no harm.
Do you have a favorite African food blog?
What about the content on Kenyan blogs?
Could you talk about this?
Below is a selection of the messages posted to the website in August and September
I even organized separate waste collection in the apartment complex where I live.
ONLINE NEWS IS HERE TO STAY.
We have been questioning where all our money has gone?
They have become the king of the forest, just like oil companies.
Finished work for the day and heading home.
we need to be united against terror.
In an interview with the Times of Israel, he remarks
The biggest challenge for me is not that I am coming from a traditional society.
Although, no one really knows what the outcome will be..
Most refugees are not that lucky.
We share the need to ensure that vital humanitarian assistance is provided to all those in need.
This issue brought international attention, most of which can be found on the comments of one post found here.
I hope you got the comparison.
Eventually, authorities in Japan began to organize a response.
Demonstrated facts do not necessarily influence the outcome of events.
This was a team that everyone thought Brazil would just ride over.
It is now time to choose...
The Catholic Church is going to come out against the bill.
To do this, people must understand rural markets.
On the Rich, the Poor and the Middle Class  Global Voices What is it like to be poor?
For me, it is about democracy and about citizenship and I wanted to express that.
and even if they did it would make no difference.
Government has already stated that they will appeal the ruling.
How hard can it be?
This afternoon, locals will represent...
It might be remembered as the day that Israel witnessed its biggest PR disaster yet.
Twitter, Facebook, YouTube, Google, and Wikipedia.
All of a sudden he have voice
These sites are open to all people in the world.
And which posts are most popular, in terms of the number of views?
Would America still go to war in Afghanistan and Iraq?
No one talks about it, at all.
The truth is not being told.
it is pride gone viral.
It is necessary to put our relationships and feelings aside for big issues.
We turn to a different perspective on Ramadan in Palestine.
He is one of the very few people who walked the talk.
The following day, he was called in for questioning as a witness in the case.
A hidden enemy is far more dangerous than one you can see.
What do Bloggers say about Rural India?
We shall also not be talking about race or religion.
Even George bush is not that stupid.
He saw some soldiers pass by
But for the beat generation all is sex.
He simply says that had he known then what he knows now, the report would have been different.
Living in Barbados wonders whether the region can be proud of its tourism offering.
And finally There are good ways and bad ways of closing down comments in your blog.
Screen capture of Hong Kong Now TV news.
But a mother calls the police, knew something was up with her daughter.
Hundreds of thousands of Syrians have fled their country and face similar risks.
I am sure the day shall come in which we say thank you.
And how then is our water affected?
They need it before they can operate.
Some are willing to accept the result and support the reform proposed by the King.
on a Nepali migrant worker coming home after working in India.
So what did we then go out and do?
It was as though she was all alone in the video.
Come back and try to protest the head of a village.
It is a personal blog with a lot of interesting stories.
It was a symbol to defend my identity against ISIS.
started protesting about four years ago.
We should win the confidence of the media and of society.
People we work with and love.
We will not follow their path.
I am a Catholic but I agree with these students.
The others are all increasing.
There was also an attempt to transport more money to Venezuela, but that was only one case.
Got the sad news while campaigning.
Because these countries have a national focus.
Who is responsible for it?
Russia does not need these PR projects of a global scale, but national projects with real useful results
They do not, and perhaps never did, reflect the reality of sexual life in Malaysia.
I think this provides our youth with an opportunity to gather again from all parts of the world.
Obviously, we add only people that we know.
Great Baghdad remembers the celebrating fans that were killed by a car bomb after the match against South Korea
What People Forward a Gang Rape Video?
Are you taking to the streets?
And I want to say this is really not nice.
Left handed drive and right handed drive will harm many innocent citizens.
He also said the nation is in crisis.
I myself cannot wait to go see the movie.
The following message appears when users try to access a blocked website
Today for the first time I saw a picture of him.
She had, she said, heard that the plant was closing.
Twitter users and netizens condemned these acts of terrorism.
I would often talk to my father about that time, and I would see the pain on his face.
Lawyers have been called and are trying to get access to those arrested.
The fight for human rights in Turkey continues.
But we will have to wait for this a bit more.
There are numerous problems that exist.
The peoples of Europe and America are, by and large, silent.
If they like it or hate it they will let you know.
Come to China During Christmas to Enjoy Religious Freedom
We support her because she spoke for justice.
What is the present state of journalism in Puerto Rico?
This is the Israeli government.
These lessons are usually held at the museum.
He also mentioned some of the other challenges facing Myanmar
It has been three days and I received no updates.
Struggle is not a new concept for us.
Numerous Twitter users have also commented on this situation.
He appeared on national TV and radio to ask for help.
Open space The Ukrainian blogosphere remains nearly empty.
The government is elected with a democratic election.
Some clashes between law enforcement forces and the press in Times Square.
They recently held such an exhibition in New York, and images were shared on their Facebook page.
He too asked to see the same page.
Who going to answer all these question?
This is the reality of this violence.
The concept of fine art?
When the work was finished, we would walk.
Some bloggers supported the initiative, which other bloggers have rejected it.
Are you afraid of threat warning?
How has this affected you?
What can we do for Gaza?
How can I know it....
Yet they share the responsibility
Her supporters even launched a petition calling for state protection, after she received certain physical threats.
Who should bear responsibility for the deaths of the rest of them?
from those who condemned the coup to those who complained about many of the things that were said.
While there, we won several awards and got a lot of recognition for our work.
There have also been a couple of events in Kuwait, which some bloggers covered.
What type of information are they seeking?
Which country is now officially heading the UN operation in Haiti?
Peaceful protest has turned into a war.
We should be asking ourselves the following questions.
They did not own big German cars.
Some Muslims do not fast ...
What would the first projects be??
They have their own problems to deal with.
How long did this work take?
Read the post in Spanish...
If so, what should the World Bank be doing to help this along?
Give them a fair hearing.
What shocked me most was that people remained human even in such conditions.
What is our positive take on this?
In order to once again realize that this regime is mean.
In recent years the rising crime has given the city a bad name.
Although neighbors, Armenia and Turkey have not established diplomatic relations.
She was accused of having sex with two men who killed her husband.
It has nothing to do with the law.
I have fun blogs  a photo blog and a tech blog.
This is a roundup of blog posts about the elections.
Most of this educational material comes from a section dedicated to each country the couple visited on their journey.
Not for a revolution or a war, but to save a life.
And there is nothing it can do.
Jordan the country which is standing on its feet by the Iraqis living there...
The news triggered some discussion among Malaysian Chinese.
Currently, three women are in high leadership positions
This is basically something like
This is an excellent use of social media.
saying, For we allow the corrupt elite to run the country.
Participants felt a generation gap with the new technology.
He recorded a short video of their conversation.
How do we identify them?
They had bought their stuff before the rate went up.
Witness This posts a number of questions voters should ask themselves before voting
well add to that spending hours in order to reach
A blog has also been set up by activists to rally for his support here.
What does one do with that?
It was different from hearing stories and reading articles, or seeing photographs by others.
All citizens are equal before the law.
I was trying to show something different than what people would expect of Ethiopia.
The term American should not be defined by a document or the lack of one.
Today it is him, tomorrow it may be any one of us.
The original article begins below
The funds would be used for equipment, not for land, buildings, or operation.
The blogger feels that objective sex education should be a must in schools.
and a demonstration in Tehran
but at the moment, the possibility of that happening has got me thinking.
No one ever said anything directly to my face but things started changing.
That way I would be able to see Beirut.
For the old and the young of his poor family.
People on social networks and citizen media have criticized Macedonian media for lack of coverage of these protests.
Have the demonstrations had any results?
They gave us books, photos and other materials.
Because I feel sorry for the EU.
Every aspect of our lives involves politics
More so when people have been tortured and killed.
I should establish a country in Africa to earn some money.
In a press statement, the coalition wrote
To this group I say
Threats to World Heritage Sites come in many forms
We are in for heavy rain.
However, there are many challenges.
However, the original text in Germany is
The benefits are pretty obvious.
In other words, no changes are expected.
Today we bring to you latest on the issue.
What kind of impact do you hope your work to have on the subject matter you cover?
However, there is some learning we all got out of it.
Then, just a moment after, it all makes perfect sense again.
We are even thinking about doing a blog on our journey.
Most discussion of these dreams involved calls for new governmental involvement or regulations.
Suddenly, I realized that my life was in real danger.
Second, I believe in common sense.
All this in itself is indeed surprising.
They began to march every Sunday despite the risk of arrest.
Are you reading our tweets at all?
What would we do without you
The bloggers were let off with a warning.
He came to ask about our lives, whether we were healthy.
If a woman appears Moroccan, different dress and behavior is expected of her.
At these events anyone is welcome and can attend free of charge.
It is far from typical but it is there.
a different level, but I will pass the message on.
It was a long war and this war was also a civil war.
The land is owned by the military.
the days of corrupt officials will quickly come to an end.
How long will this take??
Opposition members did not attend the session.
Some worried the trade agreement would make democratic Taiwan vulnerable to political pressure from the communist mainland.
People cannot do anything on their own these days.
You never wanted to be a dictator.
Global Voices has been covering this movement and the broad range of opinion it has generated.
For example, the Arab Spring or the protests in Brazil.
I just finished reading it.
Is there a change of your perception of the movement then, and now after two years?
The decision explains that FIFA argued, ...
They have no way to get help or call us if there is a problem.
How Many Take Part in Opposition Protests?
You can find an article about this story in English with a photo here.
There has not been an original argument against the showing of the pictures in well over a year.
It will be returned as soon as we can do so.
We are on the same team.
This issue is getting a lot of press at the moment.
But sexual freedom plays a big part.
His other blogs are the following
The election was a building block for future elections.
The blogger was released Saturday afternoon.
There are no olympic games on the two big TV stations
I asked her if she was happy.
Growing Citizen Journalists from Grassroots  Global Voices Originally posted on Rising Voices.
I wonder if they managed to round up the homeless and hide them from the international press.
You chat to a taxi driver and he will assume you want him right there and then.
Although it had seemed a good reason, to begin with
Drivers did not expect such a surprise from police officers.
You call yourself the Committee for the Defense of Democracy.
Such a shame to be an Armenian when I see what other Armenians are doing here
The book and its running theme does nothing to encourage unity and respect between communities.
I really feel guilty for not having called in time to hear your plans.
The latest campaign comes a few weeks before another campaign, that of the Parliamentary elections of Israel.
However, most of them had by then fled the country.
Have you experienced censorship on Facebook?
That of a company in which you can never trust.
The first thing that was on my mind
This year we also hope to address two further questions
Another Video Blogger Arrested  Global Voices Russia
Gay Armenia reviews a documentary from three years ago on homosexuality in Russia.
But the voice is there, and my right to voice my opinion is the right of a free person.
Will There Even Be a Second Round?
Richard was newly married when he entered the house.
Imagine that all these acts are not rape to them
I am somewhat against immigration.
Always put the poor first, but never mind.
netizens had a lot to say about the move.
Child of the Revolution offers two opposing views.
So the verdict is in.
What is to become of this?
Even if I did, defend myself against whom?
Racist attitude, seen further down, might be their biggest problem.
I have no other option.
Three candidates remain in this electoral competition
To say that he was disappointed when he saw my documents is not to say anything.
The war started between Armenia and Azerbaijan
A Country For Sale  Global Voices Panama is for sale
It is too late to stop it in this way.
No one moved to them.
Their educational situation is typical of what children face in the rural areas of Peru.
Barbados Free Press wonders if anything can really be done about the issue of domestic violence.
The extent though is unclear and will never be known.
This was the first time we did this and I am not sure if we will do it again.
Not too far in the future, this may change.
Brunei bloggers can pressure a change be it in the education system or in the larger setting of society.
others are building something or other.
It is said that the best way to became educated is to learn.
This is a warning to the Tunisian government
We are not here to make you feel better.
This page is created to raise our VOICE for Justice
The road development is absolutely necessary.
Global Voices Stood in the Congo
government has to be seen to be working.
for North Korean people Peace situation is not better than war.
The first post appeared last Wednesday.
More photos and stories are available on One Billion Rising Facebook Page and on their blog.
No celebration is complete without food and drink.
And bloggers, who wrote about the protests and contest, were not too happy with the protest.
You can see not just what happened recently but what has been happening over time.
The full collection can be viewed here.
I tried to look for a job again.
It requires changing attitudes and giving more Armenian women the skills they need to hold power.
They, the roads, are dying out.
It has further been shown that
This choice should be left to the women.
In early January, he filed an appeal to the sentence.
We will live and see.
We want to keep its memory and the memory of other powerful Caribbean movements alive.
The videos have been uploaded on YouTube, and on the website.
What would you like to see changing in the near future regarding IT?
It becomes worse everyday, says the blogger.
The campaign was organised to collect comments on corruption from the citizens.
Where does your MP stand?
He plans to expand the model to create a global youth movement.
The reports focus on three key research areas
What kind of impact has it had?
When the story was exposed, Putin was moved back and few people from local government lost their jobs.
The violence we have seen over the past four years follows a trend.
Only the Indians celebrate the fact that they arrived.
It will be a while for this to change.
Why does the US feels it needs a military presence in Africa?
Sad and makes you wonder.
none of the promised development and benefits have reached them.
Others joined in to question the purpose of tweeting the operation five years later
and then bit by bit, the world will lose interest.
I am not a man and I am not strong.
They said their car was broken and they must sleep in the village.
In a few weeks the growing season starts and the trees must remain for the summer.
Perhaps he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
But this time it was different.
In solidarity with my friends who voted in
One time a woman was attacked at six in the morning on her way to work.
choice of law among many others.
However, he wants No Comment
With that option gone, they have little choice but poverty.
And some seek protection and support directly from social media companies.
We, all of us, are in the fight of our lives.
We are for Freedom Now
The development comes after years of domestic and international human rights campaigning.
Posters for Rally for Unity.
The political transition had its fair share of controversy.
Is this the justice that the Islamic Republic promised for us?
The most important thing is we have food.
The war time has not come yet since that the demonstrators remain too few.
This is how Ali celebrated your national day, Bahrain, with his blood.
Will Iraqis be celebrating Eid any time soon?
A great example to Latin America.
So many people are criticizing without knowing what exactly happened.
All the questions that we had then, remain today.
We have also given the company a chance to correct our analysis.
I am unique in the Iranian diaspora.
May they have traveled abroad?
When are we going to say enough is enough?
It means that everything depends on the people
He writes in his blog
It is a feeling of justice I totally understand In another tweet, she adds
The remaining staff at TV Rain.
We take appropriate action if individuals break the law.
What are your thoughts on the matter?
A local activist wrote on his Facebook account
We began to know each other last year and became good friend.
But, it is really almost never of the former.
Cover image of the Amnesty International report.
This includes demanding information from internet service providers and mobile phone networks.
A lot of cool things happened there.
But what about natural mothers in developing countries?
What will become of the country?
Let us look at it this way.
Now more than ever we have the opportunity to decide where we put our money.
Please pay attention to this.
You want to do something for your country?
What has been the response of Burmese netizens and authorities?
Men who have no concept or understanding of what it means to be a woman.
Fighting is the way for the life to be lived.
In a statement she said
Some foreign reporters also followed her blog updates.
Hope to see you there
Find below parts of the report that focus on the state of press freedom in Africa
There is good news to be had, he maintained
People worldwide have taken to social media to comment on the charges.
Where do you draw the line and who draws it?
It probably goes without saying, but four years in an Egyptian prison can often mean a death sentence.
There is no problem with the ad.
But this time, it came back under the name of the war on terror.
Overall, the event turned out to be a great success.
I can do that and I hope the other party can also show some transparency.
The other occasion was when his friend was killed in front of his own house, three months ago.
I witnessed what he has done in the past few years.
The marks of torture are me.
So there are many different ways to participate.
I guess you know about that.
They see what they see is good or bad.
All these cases represent current situation with the Russian electoral system.
As we say, we let our minds speak.
The story of blogging in Cambodia began.
That is what I want them to understand, if that is what they want.
Everything else is closed away.
What is surprising is that Al Jazeera are reporting it.
She was not just our president, she was a mother to all of us.
I had to take care of myself from a very young age.
I asked one day what he was doing.
Global Voices has written about one of its successful campaigns.
Global Voices Has being handed over to China been good for Hong Kong or not?
Bloggers also joined the united voice against this decision.
The joke goes like this
What kind of person am I?
It also asked the public to support the work of journalists in reporting the truth.
Why not take the credit for it.
One vote per person, please.
We opened on Friday and closed the following Monday.
He was also not interested in nor concerned about social issues or politics.
My mother wants me to go see a doctor.
Freedom of speech has limits
Photo blogs also find their place within the Bolivian blogosphere.
They want to join us and want us to join them.
You went to film school and experienced dark room in your high school first.
This tweet sums up the general sentiment
If the user does not have a data plan, they are unable to access the selected website.
The same rebels as now.
I want to tell you something.
There was much reaction to these actions in the blogosphere and throughout the Internet in Poland.
Seeing such reports, one cannot help but consider the source
Do things you feel are good and you know do not harm others.
asks Omar of Iraq The Model.
I am a sort of independent journalist.
There was not enough room for all of us.
On this matter, I also think companies should become more aware of their influence in society.
He also details, according to his analysis, the positions of the different parties involved in these negotiations.
You can send the cards to people to tell them about the economic situation in Zimbabwe.
What could he possibly have seen in so short a time?
We are the ones on the streets every day making it happen.
Was it all worth it?
They are out there, waiting to be quoted.
We have to send the right message, that they are not welcome here.
But the results it returned were both interesting and surprising.
Else where in the world netizens protested such move from Twitter to limit the freedom of expression online.
This initiative caused many positive reactions.
Now, how is this relevant to us in Bahrain, or anyone in the surrounding region?
I also decided to read more Arabic blogs.
It might have been several days.
And if so, could this change extend beyond the virtual world and take hold in the streets as well?
I learn about religion to answer my own Questions, and not to question others
since then, the harassment has stopped.
How has the digital era allowed for more conversations about issues affecting Native communities?
Here are the objective of the bill.
All Arab Leaders would simply hope and wish for a change.
Obviously this is an alternative way to look at the idea of a United States of Africa in Trade.
The third and final part will appear tomorrow.
It was his mother who asked if he took down their address.
The high toll of dead and injured, including at least two foreign journalists, prove they lie
So get thinking with us
Really, where and what is our plan?
What are you talking about?
In Russia, it could be done only via a blog.
showing respect to all road users.
How much of our heritage will we lose?
He should be encouraged to participate in current affairs discussion.
Am I my greatest enemy or are they my greatest enemy.
In particular if I go out late at night.
What is required is that the police do their work within the law.
In narrative, time is essential, as it is in film.
Who else could have built them?
Tell us about your experience.
I simply cannot understand what I see here.
living in fear of losing their jobs.
That cannot happen if all the good people run and hide.
I feel like in a war movie.
Whenever you see such news on social media, do ask for its source.
And how would it work in practice?
When she left the house, she had neither her mobile phone nor any money with her.
It was good that they were anonymous.
Four fans and two police officers were injured.
The areas in which I was active hardly allowed me to be connected to the professional life outside Iran.
He wrote a very harsh post that attacked Islam, he also published his writing at Civic Dialogue.
We are all on Twitter now.
Three months and one week remain until the people of Southern Sudan have the opportunity to vote for independence.
We were one voice against government and we took it down.
I knew that by telling my personal story, it would help people hear and understand the reality of poverty.
If it is good why are only people in Iran not supposed to watch them?.
For the first time, this scene at Red Square got me truly scared.
Therefore the government wanted no part of him.
That is what most nations do.
He sums up his analysis thus
We are determined to make this film, and the decision was made to make this film.
We gave thanks for all things.
We are doing everything we can to make sure news gets round
Others are worried for a different reason.
recent survey on political censorship at bangkok university
From the beginning, the task has been something else.
I believe there has to be a change of ideas and attitudes.
Please help the victims of this disaster.
They could tell us that just to show respect to the city residents.
But I wonder if the world will pay more attention now after a major church is attacked?
The statement, shared on Facebook, reads
Young and old, male and female, came out in full force.
Which South African Bank is the best?
But as a Myanmar, we cannot accept this situation.
One year since the Syrian revolution began.
Maybe he is a nationalist.
are people going to vote or will a lot of people stay away?
But how did this come about?
And what shall we do?
How does Tehran Bureau manage this network of Iranian journalists?
Now is the time to get ready.
I want some women to represent me in the Parliament.
What are you hoping to achieve with this demonstration?
Just like he did back in high school.
Ethiopia , government filtering of websites has long been common practice.
But even animals do not do this to one another
How did the idea come about?
People watching at the time were suddenly left with a black screen.
What are the future plans for the production?
I was born as one, and will die as one.
To me that is what the story is.
Let me finally say what I feel about this.
It was like it always was.
I feel so happy and sad at the same time.
I was at one window and three children from my family at another.
Surely it has not, though hope is always there.
Did the outcome of the survey surprise you?
And now for some politics...
Is it just me that wants home to remain home?
Do you have an opinion on this issue?
Global Voices A mother is still waiting for her missing son.
Especially when it comes to girls.
They keep it very simple and personal, focusing on only two projects at the moment.
I just wonder which country will be next?
I do not know how bad or how worse it can get.
Iranian media and even CNN reported about this village and the government helped with road construction and other facilities.
For want of a better title more or less sums up the problem in the region
Maybe in the end, all I contribute is another sensitive word which is my name.
added to that the sound of the explosion which must have been heard over a long distance.
Those who did have the money and a place to go to, they left.
I am not going to cry.
The text at the bottom reads
Citizens are not stupid even the ones who barely speak Serbian.
You are not the owner of the company.
The residents and visitors of this area take part in large parties with food and drink.
You can also visit them on Facebook.
Right now North Africa and Ukraine are celebrating.
Here are some of the reactions I have been able to gather from Twitter.
Here I will keep collecting the latest elections results from Zimbabwe.
We will personally inform our politicians, one way is through public demonstrations.
Citizenship  Global Voices Ask a Korean
a dream for change, rights, humanity, freedom, justice and dignity.
Having said that, what can you tell the readers of Global Voices about her character?
It is the same story.
National newspapers dedicated special coverage to the conference.
He writes about criminal justice, health and the environment.
Many books deal with historical Iran, beautiful Iran, and ethnic Iran.
Someone said he was in the detention camps.
I opened my eyes and realized there was an earthquake.
I LOVE MY JOB VERY MUCH.
If you want to become a fish in the water, just act stupid or be stupid.
Thank you for being with us for as long as you were able.
Campaign, they were in constant touch with the Election Commission of India.
Foreign Media  Global Voices United We Blog
The International Community Is Anything but Silent  Global Voices Cairo, Egypt.
therefore it was being shut to protect women.
In my view all these are legitimate issues worth full debate.
Just a few weeks before, four other Christians were shot dead in the city.
Why should I care about her or her story?
Many Caribbean bloggers noted the significance of the occasion in their posts...
I once had a friend who was the son of a military intelligence member...
It appeared on the site for only a few hours.
Is there a reason why they should be treated this way?
A tragedy is a tragedy.
The current discussion is about leadership structure.
has a report on detained journalists.
Corruption is also one of their concerns
How is the issue of identity reflected in your work?
Today the Russian space agency lost contact with the satellite.
In conclusion, the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan noted that Kazakhstan has always maintained partnership relations with Kyrgyzstan.
Tanzania was not included in the report.
Many times, they are released after a few hours, but many times, they are not.
This third event, I will join it too.
She ended her post by putting her trust in the people of India and Pakistan
Going as far as asking me not to read my speech.
Why issue a press release to state the obvious?
Thus, the argument runs, none of this is really about fighting corruption.
At first people believed that I had a political agenda but slowly they have understood the whole objective here.
Who takes care of the child of a missing woman and a man murdered by organized crime?
We only have short time to make things better, to keep our youth here.
Only then those who gave their lives will rest in peace...
If any of us miss, they can pick up the pieces.
If a hate group is formed that is organizing to carry out hate crimes ...
Is there one photograph in this book or a few
How is the relationship between traditional media and blogs in Afghanistan?
Less talk, show me what you have done and a plan for what you can do.
Beyond this, nothing more and nothing less.
Its intention is to kill our power of discrimination.
He also defended the proposed changes on his personal Facebook page
Strong men are born from boys who are taught respect and value, not just for others but for themselves.
In all these cases we see Arabs and Muslims killing each other.
that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the United States.
What is required today is transparency and political will.
Global Voices The Haitian Blogger asks
This is a grave attack on press freedom and democratic voices.
The attack has been condemned.
Why is President Obama Traveling to El Salvador in March?
I just want to be absolutely clear.
They want it to be known.
Two Africans died in the hold.
How did I choose the winner?
And finally may God help us spread our religion and help us service our nation and our humanity.
The protests grew very rapidly.
However, what did you ask?
So censorship is NOT working
Just a single photo, but we spent all day training here.
Your girls face a huge risk when they get married at a young age.
visual activism should be open to everyone who has something to say.
Here are some views in the blogosphere
The only good communist is the dead communist.
But they cannot get rid of them completely.
I have done my best, but as a human being I cannot be perfect, nobody is perfect.
Any message for our audience?
Some people, he says, write about their own life.
You can look here to find lots more information on citizen science.
I hope you understand one important, fundamental thing about Russia
The information pages are down, probably due to high traffic.
We have nothing else, but we have God.
and decided to change my style
Unlike the previous protests, this one took place during work hours.
This can have serious consequences for users.
Every person shall have the right to freedom of expression.
I used to be an early Weibo user and have abandoned the platform.
How Will This Affect Bloggers and Social Media?
Some of the tweets are shown below
The week that was, in the Moroccan blogosphere  Global Voices Once again, an Egyptian blogger is detained.
You can have him for free
It seems like when we are not being ignored, we are getting negative attention.
Armenia has chosen a good song to send to Belgrade.
Thank God everyone is safe.
not in the South at all.
But it seems that the training on them works so well.
Great Arabic music will play in solidarity with the Palestinian child prisoners.
He has even created the graphic at right.
At the end, the author concluded by saying
Or even being interviewed at the end of that march as to why they did what they did?
From this round, we will probably remember this petition.
Can you tell me more about this new development?
The risks here are all too real.
We stand in solidarity with all media workers seeking to protect freedom of expression online and off.
Under the former dictatorship music was still allowed, so were films.
but I have no memory of that.
Does any journalist have the right to kill any citizen?
I did it for the first time.
among them life, health, indigenous culture, and due process.
And that, to some, is the real scandal.
Given tensions in Armenia since the presidential election, there was the potential for clashes.
Since then, the system has raised hate towards his person.
Her words were picked up worldwide.
I cannot accept seeing a society that is not fair, just and free.
Why is this all of a sudden breaking news to us?
His mobile does not answer...
What about the bloggers themselves?
For some, it was their first time at a protest.
Photo courtesy of the collective and used with permission.
We work with bloggers from all over Africa.
Global voices is very excited to be associated with this event.
It moves you and makes you grow.
This has practical implications in our world.
What and who motivated this idea of video communication?
Can we be even worse?
WE MUST DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION BEFORE IT IS TOO WEAK TO DEFEND US.
The land never ended up being developed.
In the digital age, and particularly in an election season, this is no small task.
Here are more reactions from local bloggers.
And what is it like to be rich?
There were dozens of doctors.
There is nothing wrong with it at all...
That kind of psychological torture is really something.
To me, this is not life.
There was also anger at government officials away on holiday
Will he meet with members of the peaceful opposition?
Venezuela will be his home...
So is it worth trying?
The sector will die out because of funding shortage.
the leader of Myanmar, green stands for cash, red stands for blood of the people.
They have reasons to suspect direct intervention by the Federal Security Service.
In March, one of the mothers managed to get a TV channel interested.
She like me This is my wrong.
But we have been warned that this is something that often happens and that we should be prepared. ...
I have seen the marks.
Commenting on Facebook, he wrote
So it was no surprise that a lot of interest was generated on social media.
you will have to free us.
The UN has warned Sri Lanka to protect its staff.
No one material is best for all situations.
So what will be the political future of Turkey?
This is how it is.
it also makes stronger the connection between people in the regions and the leadership in Moscow.
Education is a really important part of our efforts.
Good God, what a month
Do not miss their recent posts
You can submit a near to complete project, improve an existing tool or create something totally new.
Has the commercial sector submitted any opinion so far?
lots of dead bodies of police officers and others killed...
I am sure many from Delhi can just drive up.
And it is as such that they need to be addressed.
To lose my children is hard enough.
All of this until an elderly woman gets the bus and you have to give up your seat.
What is your opinion about this?
This makes me very happy.
It is therefore probably good that this has caused such a reaction.
How it works is a story begins on a Friday.
There is also an English version of the site.
Following are some chose quotes..
On the other hand, the audience is the tourists.
We lost a tech giant today.
However, the president did not respond to their protest.
Unlike previous protests, this time there is no turning back.
I also have no idea if this video is recent or not.
I tried to get in its way, but one of the guys in the group held me back.
Are there any plans to get your books translated into English or another language?
How has their role been so far?
Read on for a selection.
The international community has praised the country for the way the elections were managed.
I will let her describe the rest in her own words.
Syrian officials have repeatedly denied the allegations.
The reason for this position is clear
Twitter reactions Here are some of the reactions from Twitter
Justice Minister Fired, but is it Enough?
On Twitter there are also numerous negative voices
But perhaps no other Palestinian author writing about memory and identity is more well known than Edward Said.
But we know this is far from true.
When we ask an official from the Gaza government he says
Neither are they close relatives.
Now, he really is into new technology.
How Can We Help Gaza?
She read interviews with Ghanaian farmers online, and even spoke to one directly.
His stand was further supported by the PM.
In addition, Wikipedia describes some of the fashion
I wrote so many letters.
The hospital had given response and local media had followed up on the news.
And local people, they are local...
Why does the young generation refuse to get involved?.
They attract more advertising for what they fail to publish than for what they publish.
So, learn from it and get over it.
That was the day Red was said to have gone away.
I wondered where they were taking us.
A blogger named Letters from China reported the different discussions about the march by some blogs.
What looked like a successful gathering, soon turned into chaos by some angry conservative students
Seriously people, this is a small island and we all have to live together.
What was it about this community that most attracted your attention?
The academic community is shocked.
And are Arabs making the most of online technologies?
They wanted to deny families the right to hate a regime that has killed, jailed and kidnapped their children.
Discrimination targets individuals and groups that are vulnerable to attack
can we do something like protest...
Really old school in a lot of areas.
Anyone ever hear them say any of that before Monday?
Have they done that or is the regime still in power?
It added that reforms must be implemented first before the holding of a new election.
The unity, stability and progress of our dear country is more important than anything else....
Why did I add them then?
Does the country play a new role in the world?
The government reported that the incident was condemned by a diverse range of people.
The solution is not in our hands but in the hands of the government.
This video is not available in your country.
The symbol is used to separate two or more numbers.
It is a matter of time. ...
To send your own support message is easy
So she goes by car and her mother and sister come for support.
We have to understand that we have to change together with this world.
They said that it could have been anything
We have only one Ghana and there is no place like home.
and you have to be Colombian to understand what having power means in our culture.
Protesters wave the Moroccan flag.
Gay sex is not illegal in the rest of Indonesia.
Since the old media has failed covering this.
Well sign me up for that movement
If you cannot find the channel you want, start your own channel.
He is married with two children.
When we came we felt some tension, but the tension is always here.
It will be fun to watch.
The air would be filled with joy.
What is the role of media in those circumstances?
My focus was to communicate with the world, so English was the ready choice.
I think Lebanon is literally a failed state.
Why not sharing the true simple facts, the stories that move us to the core?
Campaign for health rights  Global Voices Campaigning for health rights in the Republic of Congo
The goal was to support the development of a stronger, and more diverse blogosphere.
I officially state that when you run out of fear, I will offer advice and support.
As the local media reported
But changes are being made.
This is what Lee tweeted  Sri Lanka
I have minutes to write.
The authorities should learn from her.
Kenyans are talking, are you listening?
but believe it is not making anything any better
This, too, has brought out a few comments
She wrote about the experience in a Facebook status
Some were sent to hospitals.
Who supports the failed states?
It is expected that more of such individuals and organizations will be using blogs to promote their activities.
This is a festival of more than the written word.
Your works speak for themselves.
The programme will be followed by a series of discussions featuring prime ministers of Jamaica.
Is there even a place where I can start?
A Special Twitter Hashtag for the King
After that you are in business anywhere.
This post is the fifth of a series originally published by the author on Medium.
Have you ever wondered what football in Central Asia looks like?
What is our education worth to us?
She wanted to know how many Jews were still in Syria, Lebanon, everywhere.
There are still more of you than all of them added together.
So there should be a law about big data.
They are making effort for peace.
However, the world is changing and society in the Deep South must keep up.
no life in the city.
This was the protest by a few men and citizens, and not a civic action.
Is it a political or information platform, a tool for a fight with something?
Global Voices will continue to follow developments and post updates as they become available.
Global Voices Is the UN Economic Commission for Africa blocking a political blog?
Will there be clean and fair elections in November?
A lived with her husband, bought an apartment.
This event will aim to push the bar way up.
We build a bridge between these two.
As one of their leaders told me
Although more than ten candidates are registered, the election race is truly among only two candidates
Photos of the building quickly spread through the RuNet.
What are the organizations concerned with this issue doing in this regard?
China Beat has the boycott story.
There has been, at least, another similar episode.
And it will never be.
We will not know who the new President is until August, possibly September.
Forget the government for there is no government.
As the President said we have to walk ahead taking lessons and challenges from the past years.
Big Brother is Watching You
Everyone has the right to vote or not vote.
How long have you been living in Egypt?
Internet shopping  Global Voices A blogger shares her experience with internet shopping in Korea.
But I do not see why we should stop at Iraq.
Why did the people not wait for the elections, taking place in less than a week?
They shoot him, then sentence him to three years.
Only the media reports the killings
Because we are all responsible.
And now that their dream has come true
Internet and Mass Media  Global Voices United We Blog
The magazine was forced to close down last month after facing pressure from state authorities for its investigative journalism.
There are fears that the situation might be even worse this year.
Writing about its work on the Africa is Not a Country blog, the collective says
I no longer have an answer.
Forget about the old threats from two months , what about the new threats ?
Proof is in actions, not words.
Photo from Raising the Bar.
These police officers could not stand by the people.
We were so inspired by it, we knew we had to do something similar.
I thought i would share it out.
But last year she passed away and left me alone.
But once it involves an opposition candidate, such rules no longer apply.
First it was referred to as street fighting.
The petition can be signed online here.
The blog suggests how to deal with them.
Have they lost all interest in Guyana?
not thinking before you tweet.
Talks broke down on Thursday.
They all learned how to play that game very well.
But participation is sometimes a victory in itself.
I knew that, as a woman, I had more responsibility.
The issue has been a popular topic of discussion on social media, too.
But not everyone is happy about the decision.
My contact with bloggers and then Twitter users started with two people
She believes little words will do.
Even workers in the movie industry are in danger of losing their jobs.
It is rarely that an event organized by independent students will get much attention.
In the Islamic Republic eyes, this was nothing more than a daily practice of power.
Guys are ready to defend you, say when and where to go
Others said they would avoid driving to keep the roads free of traffic.
It takes so much more effort to understand the injustice when context is not easily accessible to you.
The police are gathering outside the building and preparing to clear the protesters.
But, whether that be the case or not, it seems this thing will be around for a long time.
and where is the victim?
He said that he came for us.
But there is nothing else to do for me than to stay.
Do they believe their own rhetoric?
Organizers claimed it was the biggest ever Labor Day rally in Malaysia.
She had nearly given up at that point.
Its extremely sad but no one can turn back death when time comes.
On Facebook, the discussion was heated.
I think the spread of Persian blogs is a good example for what we can achieve.
Who are you and what did you plan to do?
thanks so much to everybody.
Are you trying to be camp or something?
But it was already too late.
That was my first day in college and I was going back home.
Why are people sad that she is Christian.
well by great people like you
The majority of polling stations have no materials.
If he is, then we have to take the history seriously.
In Peru, Racism Strikes Again  Global Voices The streets of Lima, Peru.
Does it have to do with religion?
I got a quick look at their faces as we went past.
However, not everything created at cost has value.
I saw walk forward, to do something about it.
Everyone knows that they can just come round.
As always, it is essential to be informed.
Peter plans to write mostly about computer technology.
We never think about what is or not appropriate.
We have a major problem that could potentially hit full force as soon as this summer.
The post includes numerous photos of his works.
Examples would include forced labour in the fishing industry and on construction sites.
The new web space offers a great opportunity in the fight against poverty.
I understand that you ran this ad only in a limited market Singapore.
There is so much to report and, yet, at the same time I feel there is so little.
and so citizen and community media are the ones that share the facts or at least expand the discussion.
The blogger adds there are very sick people without any access to necessary medical treatment.
And of course, check Global Voices Advocacy for updates.
and Promote opportunity and development.
Electricity has been out for a week now.
I wanted to do something about it.
He was arrested about three weeks ago and he has heart problems.
It seems that the readers prefer yellow and violent content from official websites.
WE the people have failed.
In recent years, some numbers have gone missing on the Chinese Internet because of censorship.
The media coverage of a recent road accident prompted a Palestinian blogger in Israel to comment.
I can barely see the outside from my office window.
From a psychological point of view, the past has left its mark on many people.
According to the Japan Times
It certainly is a service, but not a public one.
Will they carry it through?
it is true, but at what cost?
For the former, art works are violence and for the latter, protest against exhibition is violence.
There is no reason why everybody who should pay taxes is not paying taxes.
I respect a man who takes his time to know what the critics are saying.
The train was like a prison.
For now, the problem continues.
Man is strong, he can create modern technology, but recently he has been hit by natural disaster.
If you are scared and you give up, the fear will take full hold of you.
You might say credit, but that would mean she must have enough income to pay off that much credit...
Many have shown their support with photos such this one
Working for an Iraqi media means something but working for US media means something else
It will have big impact to the future development of the country.
When the right time comes, for sure he will do greater things.
Do not worry about me.
The movement appeared to have achieved its first victory.
At the time I was using a small digital camera that my mother had given me as a present.
This time it is placed in Mexico.
No need say anything at all to the old woman.
you begin to believe that your identity is what other people tell you it is.
It added that what it aimed to highlight in the ad was that true love exists
I have found a couple of these kinds of pictures on your social networking sites.
He did that with all the Nations.
I paid him no attention.
Another blogger is highly critical of what Israeli society is becoming
just, so maybe also the wrong writers for a Chinese audience?
She was accused of collaboration with foreign based media.
It was passed around by email, so the original source is unclear.
We have a right to live and for our issue to be taken seriously.
He might not have actually burned books, but he has banned plenty.
The European Commission also ruled in the same manner.
It is a story about a mother who only has one son.
And we will try, and our children, when they come, will have to carry this on, because we believe.
The soccer part helps build ties too.
Families that were not political say they lived better lives.
It still remains as a place for distribution of information and broad discussions about what has happened.
Anyone know if this is a common turn of phrase in Spanish?
Will There Be a Presidential Debate?
Islam is a religion of peace.
Nor I did ask him.
It did not take long for the shooting to start.
The speech drew a lot of attention from netizens, before, during and after it was read.
However, an answer has not been received.
I got out of the house.
However, Bosnia News explains that
Local Companies Ready for the outside world?
Is it time to accept the plant construction as a fact or is it still worth fighting against it?
All used to help in this cause.
I want to write without any pressure.
He also features her speech in a video translated into English.
But we were not alone.
They want the best for their children and the results of these programs speak for themselves
Nigeria calls herself the giant of Africa.
Adam wonders  Then what about websites of the political parties and blogs of the candidates?
The incident was captured on video and immediately went viral.
the money is managed by the club and is given to the children when they need it.
It was funny I could not read it to this day.
Today it seems like a majority of the voters have stayed home so far.
On the whole internet users have reacted to the new law with approval.
The streets are not easy and working in them seems increasingly difficult.
In fact today feels worse than all the other security situations we have ever known.
He asked that I join others on one end of the open concrete.
Finally the Red building has fallen to the Green group.
Instead of giving up, Mohamed decided to publish his stories online.
He was not sure what kind of a man he had in hand.
But this writer seems to think so and has a perspective on the issue.
The incident ended when he was shot by the Police.
They may also block YouTube, and who knows what will they block next.
What kind of Indian food do you get when you go out?
we have to clean our places much more often now.
Internet is the main threat to the stability of the government in Russia.
This will be similar to work we have done in Guyana.
Here are a few of her ideas
Some of us have even been hurt.
In this post we share a selection of the stories the Portuguese language countries team covered this year.
Everyone should be more concerned about this.
A legislative version of the policy, known as the DREAM Act, has repeatedly failed to pass in Congress.
Images and Tourism  Global Voices More on tourism in Bangladesh.
Is Education Really About Learning?
I ask him in the evening
For background on this story, see here.
I talked to my sister in Russia yesterday.
Some of the bloggers report on their visits to the refugee camps.
Why did the platform suddenly decide to show him the door?
How to get it noticed.
Could you not do this from the very beginning though?
It was enough with one tweet.
David is now fit, focused and prepared.
How did this project come into being?
What I do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible.
I had a great time recording these unique songs and stories of my community.
After watching a few men getting killed this way, I closed my eyes.
Can you explain the idea behind the project?
All Lebanese pay for electricity twice.
It was not for a holiday, an election day or a soccer game.
no understanding of culture and history...
it was a tough world, and you had to be tough to hold your own.
She turned to him again.
The man moves fast, and works fast too...
I really wanted to be part of the conversation.
I have nothing to give the children.
is truly what blogs are all about.
Even during those days where it was blocked we still continued to receive reports.
When should Images Not Matter?
I actually know very little about Armenia today.
Today, things are becoming much more clear as to where Singapore and Malaysia will be heading to.
The government had time to act and resolve the crisis long ago, but did nothing about it.
Why did the government introduce the project?
What we see here is a dead end.
Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true.
That was all going on during Friday and Saturday.
the men and kids of other relatives.
Access to cheap labor force.
Then, I was able to shoot just like that.
But how to prove this and how to make people believe it?
they also suffered from the effects of the disaster.
Tell me a GOOD STORY with GOOD CHARACTERS
He would have to deny that, of course, in the way of these things.
Reports flooded in from people on the ground on social media.
Time to make use of them.
Welcome to the world of nations.
But it is not all negative.
It is US made, and as a result there should be a US solution.
My take, is that multiple factors are coming into play at the same time.
The One Million Letter Campaign
It was a construction contract given to a Chinese company by the Zimbabwe government, not a Chinese investment.
But that is not what I think this should be about.
And when they ask us why that happened, what do we tell them?
It was as big a surprise to him as it was to me.
Once again, she took to Facebook to explain.
Another woman, addressing Christmas cards, said to her husband
after more than two years in power, you show that you have no idea about universities.
Once I got my job offer I kind of fell out with some of my friends.
I find women more interesting than men.
Because America chose Obama for their president today and they are proud of themselves.
We as parents usually have in mind that we are the ones to go first.
Life is not permanent, enjoy yourself right now.
She works with the Syrian National Coalition for Syrian democracy.
They came to the protest because they know what happens.
Here is a summary of the information about the strike, organized by department, as seen on Twitter
For me it is clear.
Eight people have been killed three of them small children and dozens more wounded.
But it is not my law.
We should try our best for any protest action.
Maybe it turns out that was wrong, but still you would have done this, and it is most important.
Public Domain photo by Voice of America.
She has been subject of negative comments about her hair and has stood her ground.
You can find out all the details of how to connect on this page.
I learned about the free software for creating a blog and then I started a blog
The government banned all events there this year, because the square is under construction.
Let him come back and live.
The police doing their work and trying to solve it and look at the comments.
and so was Morocco when it decided to cut ties.
Nobody knew what was going to happen next.
But history just might be on the side of human rights here.
I think that Russia proved it is not different from the West when its interest is in question.
How do you view the importance of Iranian blogs as a media outlet?
The piece is telling the truth.
how to be a good father.
But it was either risk getting killed by a gun or risk dying of hunger.
which is very low indeed.
He wrote on his personal blog
Walking alone at night does not cause violence.
They can only sit in the corner.
Best sites to visit this week
Citizens here are still far better off than in many countries in the region and the world.
In Africa you never ever speak against your party if you want to remain in position.
Link in Persian This week in Israel
they also turned to social media.
Red is the color of the opposition.
Is it possible for you to go back right now?
The majority of your readers are abroad, in part due to the lack of internet access in Congo.
Then police came out on the street and requested people to maintain peace.
I want to play with him.
So my friend, can you list down only one positive thing about this country?
Her job has got nothing to do with content review stuff.
Now it seems some areas of Thailand are also suffering from this man made environmental disaster.
But why to sit and watch them die?
He blogs about it here...
The mayor denied the allegations by saying
This is because they still hold power.
We always wanted to be above the rest.
What did you do in Brazil?
Many have to run away too.
I with her on this one
Every day they want us to change our names or change documents.
Can any one help me out in here to figure this thing out?
We indigenous people are determined to fight, as we have done all this time.
Some people even still think Africa is a country.
Many of these left without voting.
Has it Really Been Lost?
Perhaps, this is human nature.
Not so for smaller NGOs.
If you would like to participate you can sign up here, especially if you would like help with translation.
In response, protesters got creative.
She then went on to say
It is unclear what will happen next.
I will not write anything.
It has to be state agents doing that.
This seems like a perfect solution apart from the fact that he is already missing them
Pictures of the event are available at their Facebook page.
they never asked me if I had done something wrong, which almost brought me to tears several times.
Often times, state media has picked up stories that began online.
It helps us forget the problems we are facing in the big picture.
As a blogger how do you respond to it?
We do not have armed guards following our prime minister or president.
How can I trust you, and make sure that the actions you make will be the right contribution?
It is actually one of the more dangerous areas in Africa.
as for me, I felt that the part on income distribution is very important...
A great insult to our culture and history.
But How Far Will They Go?
That day, at almost every school, they were telling us
Other media critical of the government have been shut down recently.
The area has witnessed a number of attacks on tourist sites in recent years.
Apparently, he had a change of heart.
The world is after all listening to ALL the voices
It will not be the last
All day, similar sentiment has echoed across Twitter and the Arab blogosphere.
Where do they spend most of their time?
I do not get angry with criticism.
Back to some more serious news of this week
Other posts related to this
This week on Myanmar Blogosphere
What value does that have for us?
The video can be found on their blog.
We just walked in the streets carrying signs.
There is nothing to protect you.
The political and emotional challenges of diaspora activism are diverse and complex.
There was no even any court hearing or decision for this case.
The forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed.
Will I need a permission or an ID to enter the area?
But there is some hope.
Facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty, he said
I really suffer a lot to send you this update due to lack of power.
Two workers helped me put it on.
The main thing for them is not to do any work.
they are waiting for an answer to their application for the Georgian citizenship, which they sent two years ago.
If I were the wife of this man, I should be tortured to death.
It was on Twitter where some in the media already had a listening post.
She wrote the following to him
they meet monthly and look for ways of making data available to everyone.
This could be true all over Panama, but I do not know that.
is the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa blocking a political blog?
It has never been done before.
But Kurdish journalists in Turkey face these threats on a daily basis.
We believe everyone deserves the Freedom to Love, and the Freedom to be themselves.
Some of the posts mentioned above were written before the assassination.
This is what I have known personally.
The ministry dismissed the case and put away the data.
He was followed by four of his men.
She added in a later tweet
Screenshot taken by the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran.
Despite the support that Trump received from the working class, his election means disaster for workers and organized labor.
She was very understanding about it.
All of this leaves the question
Will his arrival on the political scene make a difference to the struggle for democracy in Zimbabwe?
There are no clean people on this old stage.
Now I am the winner, no matter what happens next.
War is no longer the only way forward.
Will we soon be able to design, share, and print our own clothes directly from home?
Efforts are ongoing to rescue the passengers from the river.
Leaders of both government and opposition announced a meeting would be held yesterday.
The closer they are to the river, the greater the poverty.
I cannot help but feel sad.
Almost like a punishment in a Greek tragedy.
They were gathering the information and I was putting it out from a safe place.
It was doing its job
So a historic trial necessarily comes next.
So far, no group has claimed responsibility for the bomb attacks.
Good job, Mr head of religion committee.
So now more than ever it is our responsibility to protect them.
An application for sending messages via Twitter to the President of Peru.
Every subject can be linked to a cause
If you are getting the sense that Carnival is one big long party you are right
Here are some of the reactions online
Even we can still experience surprise when we hear such things.
And he wonders then why the girl concerned was about her marriage??
Of this I am proud.
They believe they represent the Greater Good when they beat protesters.
Image via Instagram by the author.
When do you say Enough?
First, there was the explosion
Should a husband take time off work when his wife is sick?
The issue is about the perception of beauty and not of race.
Working in the public interest can get you arrested
I have taught English and Spanish in one of the British schools in Cairo.
Bloggers were quick to respond, both in comments and on their own.
Deadly weapons if I ever saw one
Has her heart been broken too many times in Lebanon, and does she simply change the channel?
He has not been heard since that time.
They want Internet access for all.
The question is a person.
Some people believe she did.
She continues with the summary
The threats directed at you are still publicly available.
There are three ways to commit suicide with a gun.
This is the second field execution in a year.
NO cars allowed to PASS over it.
On it, several Armenian and Azerbaijani bloggers share their thoughts on the conflict and its possible resolution.
Today, we must be together.
The former is still in prison and the latter under house arrest in China.
There has been a lot of change, particularly in how women view themselves.
This is likely not the last to be heard about the song.
there is no class struggle.
All out revolution within weeks.
Citizens are invited to call or email if they can identify the people on the photos.
I have no notion why I reached.
Now, the rest is up to the political parties.
An important fact for president Trump
fashion, film, music and art.
so he could have something of her for himself.
But all that changed in just one morning.
But this was more than a tree.
So we should do it too.
Come this time around, at the current gathering at Parliament house, a great deal have changed.
Finally, their efforts are paying off.
In the end I had no idea what my life was for.
But I am not saying that.
How can you spot the newly married couple?
The Guardian broke important stories, did great investigate work.
That is because Facebook is a vital part of her brand.
The vice president has since formed her own party, although officially she remains in her government position.
She has no phone, car, email address, credit card or social media account
Amazing stories are being told here.
Tweet, blog and update your facebook status about Threatened Voices
and he was true to form again.
And their way was wrong.
That is why we want to change it.
Two others were killed recently as well.
In Mexico there is a very clear digital divide.
China, Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Taiwan
The answer to that is simple
I sent you a message on facebook.
It is so easy to break down and destroy.
Intense debates and political opinions can be seen everyday on the evening news and now on the blogosphere too.
spread the announcement and later published images of the protests held in different cities.
But are we giving her even close to a fighting chance?
Photo by Sound of Silence.
Could legislation, public awareness and education campaigns and better training, for example, be useful?
But after seeing the photos above I think I know what he felt.
Obviously there was something wrong with me.
The thing which motivated us more was that he was not Egyptian.
The first was posted at the time of the decision
What inspired you to join politics?
They went on to explain how deep racism runs in Lebanese society
Did they get freedom, justice or....
She would later return to work with the communities
The government thinks in this way.
Read this for an explanation.
He also asked those who can help to do so quickly.
I have written about violations of press freedom on this blog many times, then I got tired of it.
Attacking targets within Syrian territory might lead to a potential war in which Israel is not interested.
We met when protesters were beaten up in five years ago and one person died.
Indian Twitter community too big and united to be ignored
Would you like to do something to preserve the Internet?
Turkey Hit by Wave of Attacks as It Continues Middle East Military Strikes  Global Voices Demotix image.
A good flag must be practical too And Finally
Why did you start blogging?
I considered him therefore as the best chance for basic reform in Iran.
Many of these men and women come from countries such as Bangladesh, India, the Philippines, Indonesia and Myanmar.
a daughter, who later became a doctor.
The blogger says the reason for this is simple.
Those who wish to see justice feel as though it is impossible.
I am wondering what is more interesting
Once the US cast the die, there has been no choice for anyone involved
Some go even further in their propaganda accusations.
Finally, the community and school work together to create a video to be uploaded to the competition website.
Not all comments are encouraging.
That could be easily done, but there is little reason in it.
I taught my children a different set of values.
if it is necessary, then tomorrow I will give it all to the state.
I participated in January revolution hashtag
This is the worst they can do.
Not about what other people think or say.
The meetings were also a place to exchange experiences and good practices.
There are many and the variety makes it one of the most interesting areas to report on.
For more information check out the Basic Income EU website, Facebook page and Twitter account.
They should face the consequences of their action.
These ones definitely have no place to go.
The above quotes were translation done by the author.
He did not show any list but he indeed did reveal other stuff.
There are a few reasons I feel that way.
The risk to those people living with HIV can be life threatening.
This would make sense if it were real.
That time is long gone.
The translation is courtesy of Translation the Amnesty International UK Blog
As of today, seven out of those eight men originally arrested have been released.
The video, as you can see, was taken down.
this has always been a dark, violent place.
He also shared some thoughts on the future of the Russian opposition
And there will be more dead people, many more.
We want to be rich easily and quickly.
There was no use for the students to turn her in.
He confirmed these allegations with others and decided to write the post.
Some have the right idea and report what the bloggers are saying.
There were parents who came and picked their children up.
They would want to see their own person in power.
Why no debate on media freedom?
Hate speech is not limited to just racial discrimination.
No one told them to stop having sex or children.
For the most part, our readers know what to expect from us.
Why is it always one thing after another?
But the first signs are already here.
However, there is one thing here that is very complicated
Where is our sense of national pride?
Any ideas to share with us?
Over half of them voted against the domestic violence law to begin with.
We are walking baby steps towards better communication with each other.
It seems that women have already made their decision quite clear
What do you think would have happened to these people if they had not been anonymous?
Which was by no means easy.
Who will be next in line?
And what can be done?
I feel so disappointed in this country.
She says the children miss you.
They had a different approach there.
The information on the page reads
Or is it the manner of telling?
Also write to your governments and local and international human rights groups.
There are big issues on the table
I, for one, do Expect Amazing.
The brave act was a posting about this meeting on his blog.
At times, I may not do as he says.
Whether he rejected them or not the first time we are still to know...
One member of the group wrote an opinion piece about collective self defense for a local newspaper
Is the matter one for the United Nations or some other international body??
Must it be on this day?
People enjoy music one way or another.
Using Facebook to sell his books, the following message is typical
To be abandoned in the street
For this Ecuadorian team, content cannot be made into a business.
Well, it simply is a bit far from the truth.
What are the channels political activists use the most?
But our country has made great progress over the past four years and we should be proud of that.
The time for rhetoric has come to an end, we must take it from here.
We have also been publishing breaking news before traditional media.
Having said that, I think there is a big opportunity in creating services and businesses online for specific regions.
US policy has remained the same.
The photographs are a telling account of the unrest in the country.
But the new design is facing criticism too.
The request should include the subject matter, purpose, time and place of the meeting, and names of the organizers.
which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices.
Many people think that you have to be a victim to feel the pain.
We know that people need to be at the heart of climate solutions.
But there are other points of interest.
Guess what Nepal has a cricket team.
My First Assault My First Assault
The Daily Brunei Resources writes that it is a wrong description of Brunei.
Other cars are in the same situation
He also sat down with GV to answer some questions.
The civil law is concerned with public crimes.
On the other hand, this year, school and universities have closed their doors early June.
No one knows till now because they ignored the mass comments who complained and were against the ad.
Photographs tell a thousand stories.
Omar at Iraq the Model has a less critical analysis.
I decided to build this thing.
Why do you want to see again.
These are the stories that make Africa wonderful.
On Twitter, the sports account of USA Today shared this image
When will Africa start reporting Africa?
If anyone can achieve the impossible, it is Syrians.
The censorship board remains the same as under the previous government.
What is its added value?
And what do you do?
They are not forced and simply choose to dress this way.
Is that what you want to know?,
We need to protect every child in Kazakhstan.
in the service of the nation.
The real problems begin outside it.
Our history teacher talked about this today.
many have chosen to stay and fight.
Both, the CNN in Arabic and BBC in English, have published articles about the incident and the verdict.
there were very few of them.
For now we are not connected with any Ghanaian bloggers, which we hope to change.
The city is asking the mayor to make real and brave decisions.
That is the real problem.
On the day of the funeral I had to think of everything.
That means they have seen only one president since they were born.
Maybe it will help us find better ways to live.
Until they do, perhaps, this is where new and social media can step in.
But no, nothing can be simple in this country.
This is his choice, a choice of freedom.
Why the need to make differences based on race?
He has been in prison since then.
They were so nice to me and they helped me.
and then where would we be??
Photo from public Facebook page LGBT Puerto Rico.
Why there had been no information?
Sri Lanka gets it in between.
Some have even announced their support for certain candidates.
The Armenia Blog also appears to agree.
But problems linked to the economic crisis are starting to show
See you next year, same day.
Our commercial news channels are sometimes even more limited than what international press does to Taiwan.
What do they make of the politics surrounding climate change?
What The Soldier and many others see in traditional media is the opposite
German embassy say whatever they want you to believe in.
Social offices are here not only to take the children away from families.
And the Iraqi government response?
I am not the source.
The turn of events might not of happened, had it not been for a text message.
If you get free about what you will be writing Blogger
The blogger has pictures to prove her point.
He also shares some photographs.
Surely now is the time to address it.
But that was not the only problem.
Is there a place in education for high culture?
Talking Common Sense  Global Voices Tunisia
What are your views about them?
Is that really how other people see us?
The last word belongs to the voters
What is behind the interests of the union leaders?
Learn To Live With Israel?
My children cannot sleep and I cannot help them.
There are a lot of little children among the flood victims.
Her present in the contest will map our country to the world.
Some of us might be stupid, but they are not weak. ...
These things are just good.
We should go to work and school everyday, right?
India went local and made its content available in seven different languages.
It brings the message, the word is tied to it.
At the time of writing, it has still been blocked.
No one claimed responsibility for the attack.
They began to consider a deeply important idea
First of all we should not stop.
This is the BLOOD MONEY the regime uses to rape the People of their democracy.
What should we focus on?
Look what those little European jobs are doing.
These would not be removed.
He ends up losing identity.
Your principle should be open platform.
In this food fight, there is clearly more to come.
Photo from Community Legal Education Center on Facebook.
People can choose to celebrate it or ignore it.
Read more about this event.
It also shows a different take on different types of strong women.
The Morocco Report also mentioned the article, saying
They are the obvious evil.
She does not want to give up the power.
Iranian bloggers discussing the movie had diverse reactions.
No violence should be celebrated.
A Changing of the Guard?
A large number of Twitter users joined the campaign.
What was the Pope thinking?
Political leaders have still not set the date for the early elections
There were several voices that stood out from the growing digital crowd.
What then is the status of such questions as
Yet this news does not surprise me.
Life is short, and any day may be your last.
After the performance, each singer were asked to say something positive about China.
Show your solidarity with the children of Syria by
Wednesday World Blog Roundup  Global Voices Central Asia
The website concludes with this phrase
To the people who are behind this, even now, I tell you
Train ride in Israel this evening
Such business is creating wealth.
Not to mention the ones in their own individual countries.
At the end the day, it is the big TV money that talks.
I had a strange action.
Women continue to look for a civil space where they can freely develop and express themselves.
Perhaps nobody speaks German in this country.
European countries should also move ahead in passing this law, if they really share democratic values.
I come from an area where red lines are still red.
It is a film about the Egyptians who are living through it.
Poll after poll has put him way ahead of all other candidates.
I also wanted to let everybody know the occasion that made me start to write.
What would you consider to be the success of your blogging experience?
In truth, however, the opposite was the case.
Threats affecting journalists are numerous.
And every one felt the unique American energy.
Is this yet another difference in culture?
So I decided to read and investigate what is going on in Argentina and what others were saying.
The future generation depends on nature.
And some more on showing off
Where did they go one may ask?
The video soon went viral across different social media platforms.
Did it prevent us from building a new state, based on new principles and values?
This is all so wrong.
Some of those who are late, by the way, will probably still be able to make it there.
The police were just seeking even easier ways.
Same sex acts are illegal in Kenya.
Throwing the idea out there.
The streets are largely empty.
If public security is a concern, why are protesters killed on the streets by the military and police?
Home is a story we tell ourselves, and sometimes it is a part of the story about being Away.
Only reason to believe in the worst.
How did the government and politicians react to the low turn out at the Algerian elections last week?
They are clear that they want a feminist republic.
And the First Arabic Domain goes to ...
The market requires equality, rule of law and democracy.
And gives us another side to the story behind the headlines
Central African Republic and Ethiopia.
She ended with an appeal to all women
Actually, both share some responsibility.
It was the second deadly Israeli attack to strike a UN school in the past few hours.
Can anyone tell me what public space they are defending?
How many times have such stories been repeated for the millions of Iraqis over the last four years.
How do they find this so hard to understand?
I, therefore, would like to call for his immediate release from prison.
However, I knew I had to do something with this phenomenon.
This much is widely known.
No wonder the reporter calls them crowd.
Not just talking about change, but being change or being a part of that change.
August has been a good month for Colombia.
How do you conduct such a search?
What do we need soldiers for now?
Why are we here today?
Syria, Israel, Libya, Lebanon ....
How can we reduce what pollution we have, and how can we prepare for the future?
And how much does each person that has to take two or three vehicles spend on doing so?
It is never too late to address the voice of the silent majority.
The common die with all or most Of their dreams still in them.
Those who have relatives go and live at their house.
She was only the second female South American head of state.
It seems that there is no budget.
Whatever the reason for his visit, however, few media outlets had the opportunity to cover it.
Now, over a year since he posted his comment, he is finally headed to trial.
We should not just let them off easily.
Many might not agree with me.
Will the education system that provides low quality also be charged?
Indonesia has one of the more free media and press in the region.
You know, children can see many things...
What are you doing soldier, playing a computer game?
a new balance of power.
Thousands of students begin to march.
The police then turned their attention to others.
In detention, she started a hunger strike.
The events that have happened over the past few weeks need no explanation.
This has worried all of us.
Where are they going to?
She said to release him.
He remarks the general performance of the national teams, the best players and other topics.
I said I was a woman, and a woman needs to have many things, not like men.
For that, he was taken to court and threatened with imprisonment.
To begin with, he explained, she tried to kill him in order to obtain his property.
Also he already can speak and walk.
The money from the sale of these pictures goes directly to the young artists.
They seem to raise questions about principles for a change
But life as they knew it was taken away by the power plant.
Here is a roundup of just a small part of that activity.
I remember talking to my first Armenian friend whom I met during my exchange year in the US.
Home and India  Global Voices United We Blog
Therefore I would call to...
But on all sides, the incident also raised the simple question
Suddenly, she stopped attending school.
Generally the social media platforms do help a lot in raising awareness for the refugee issue.
He did not know, nor did he ask for, the details, not being particularly close to his father.
This will go on till the end of November
Global Voices Are there writers in East Africa?
I was born into a family of artists.
The Judiciary Kenyan Are Dying For  Global Voices Kenyans may soon have the judiciary they deserve
This raises a fair question
We demand the implementation of measures and actions against the crisis of agricultural production.
If they ask you whether you are a blogger, answer immediately
It has been said by many outside and some inside Jamaica.
a day when children lost their parents and parents lost their children.
We need more than this.
My father was an elderly man and holds a Spanish traveling document.
Israel is now a fact.
Get a life, grow up.
Many Kenyans abroad rely on these websites for local Kenyan news.
According to official figures, every fourth woman that has ever been married has been subjected to violent abuse.
The questions that come to our mind
This attack showed that the Taliban do not value any kind of negotiations or peace talks.
The address did not have the area code.
The solution is in modern education and critical thinking.
The court would then also take up to three days to make a decision about the final ban.
You can be as creative as you want.
Not that we were considering heading to Yemen in the near future, but...
you are always on the move.
To the armed far right, we say this
But read to the end and learn something new about Iraqi jokes and the difference between Iraqis and Americans.
So you do not have a right to say whatever you like on my property, for example.
This kind of life has been going on for more than three months.
And, of course, I have no answers.
They have not been found guilty yet.
We walk to meet friends.
They openly support the democratic movement and encourage the organization of resistance.
On Sunday there were police here who came for a fight.
I remember where I was and what I was doing two years ago today.
Stand there for a while.
What exactly does that mean?
Since then, a lot of new communities have appeared.
If we keep fighting, we will get there.
There might be blogs or websites against the Moroccan regime that are censored for political reasons.
He only deserve a punishment which equal to what he did to all the victims
the reactions that followed the match on the streets
Mahmoud was interviewed by the BBC from Bahrain.
Therefore, if you identify with the residents, and not Hamas, we will help you transport all wanted humanitarian material.
But, others are not so encouraged.
Please sign this petition and share it for others to sign as well.
Enormous money is in question.
Death toll would be above that.
Freedom Against Censorship Thailand Vietnam
It has been republished on Global Voices in two parts with permission.
The United States and the UN have condemned it too.
It is good that we have people who care about the honor and dignity of the nation.
The Tunisian regime yesterday signed the beginning of its end.
One of the protesters said
This is the great personal tragedy of Internet censorship and control
At that time we did not have much support.
We need to answer that question.
We also did many shows on the Nigerian elections.
Is it really possible to build from within all this destruction?
Coming with us on the Freedom Train?
I really earned more knowledge about IT.
It is also the only Indian state that has its own flag.
One thing is certain analysis are all we are going to have.
Azerbaijan just does not get it.
Has the age of the Internet arrived?
To Live or to Survive
It is based on open source software.
Name one or two blogs that have had an influence on you.
It reveals a truth that in another way, is hidden.
There is no respect for women.
We only do things according to the law.
What methods have you tried to look for her apart from reporting to the police and the school?
What do you think of Iraqis?
Despite all this, the police do not leave.
And why do we need sick children?
Cambodia is first and it is impossible to deny it.
a new means of communication.
It is violence against humanity.
may God be with you.
They clean, so they can have fun later.
Many languages are used in the Moroccan blogs.
Experts connect it to the effects of climate change.
Who are these girls that become women too soon?
Low employment rates among young people is a common issue throughout the world, right?
She began by giving some political context, then continued
People fear this animal so much.
Not only me but the whole town, the whole country.
Right now I am going back home.
This caused a national debate, which was also reflected on the internet.
Twitter was soon flooded with comments about the disaster.
And I do like the country.
This process was implemented based on the proposal of a student.
This article gives the history of a purchase of a personal computer.
The woman concludes her letter saying
In reality it was a two week programme.
They played much better than Brazil played.
I discovered, for the first time, that I was alone.
How does the public react?
If we enjoy something nice for free it seems to get in their way.
they must be telling themselves.
Even mainstream media reported it.
We never left the islands.
Overall, I welcome this proposal.
Proud to be part of you
a page should be created that would have pictures of another Belarus.
If the situation had been bad, it now got worse.
But how can I live in this country where there is no guarantee of my life?
What about this guy, this guy, this guy, and this guy?
They eventually returned to Malaysia.
The court found him guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity and sentenced him to life imprisonment.
If we have money but lose our family and friends, is it a good choice?
so many things happened during those months in which i did not write..
Here I met a girl carrying a lot of water yesterday evening.
But, I will tell you a few things that I found cool.
That is what most girls who cannot afford further education go for.
Why did you decide to write a blog?
We are not equally able to exercise our freedom of speech.
No one is safe here.
when the sentence was read, and was arrested because of it.
Videos were posted of the hotel burning
you protest or contribute or do something.
they need one that works for them for the time being.
Many other voices can be found blogging across the country, including
The territory is absolutely larger than this measure.
In it, the international human rights organization explains that
For ordinary people, unless they have concrete evidence, they should not report others.
Then the viral campaign took off.
Are you just starting out in business or already in business?
Why is it even out there?
It was a more innocent time.
you can do the same.
It has certainly taught me to think twice before I type.
However, he was not detained.
He later claimed that the information he got was wrong.
It was impossible to keep up with you.
The Iran art scene has grown in the past decade.
There is a feeling that we were used
they would just do what they think is right.
We have a right to life.
Instead they chose to remain politicians for the day.
This Week in Palestinian Blogs
What are you doing at the moment?
Apparently, I will need more time to get used to things around here
Calling it what it is, MURDER.
There are very few people on the streets, but the bus is full of people.
This is necessary in changing the course human rights development in Jamaica.
They, like everyone else in this world, want to be happy above all else.
He went ahead of us, my mother and I joining him when the school year was over.
I had a small argument with a security guard at the border because he was not being fair.
You can watch it here.
I blog almost all the time.
Perhaps we need to wait a little longer.
Newspaper makes wrong results call  Global Voices A South African newspaper makes a wrong results call
Girl With a Purpose comments
We opened some new shops that day, part of a collective project.
This is a serious time.
the school model sit down children
Our house is at the right far end.
Will the UK government force them to leave the country?
was given to the world
I wish success to my team
There are many reasons to this violence.
Second, the Chinese economy has reached its worst period
Is there any political agenda or aim behind it?
Can we really buy clean air with money?
So why will the government listen to you?
He also posts an update on the lack of progress in the coalition talks.
The report notes that Singapore has the highest immigration rate in Asia Pacific after Hong Kong.
I am not sure how do we do that though?
When we protest, we damage the image of Spain.
And I kept on following, I just used to go to the demonstrations, then I would return home.
This case prompted the intervention of the Media Council, which declared
I was told that I would be the representative of Latin America.
Do you want a new life?
Brothers, not because we share the same mother, but because we long for the same nation.
The terrorists simply came back over a year later and finished the job.
I am not getting it
What was your first experience with security forces?
There are many reasons why.
So how do we feel about this?
Or it may not be.
this is the reason we continue to stand firm in our fight for life.
He also takes a critical look at Pakistani leadership dealing with the disaster.
He then asked why we were studying and speaking in English.
What Did the President Mean?
Below are some of the views from the blogosphere.
Support from Palestine Support from China Support from Bangladesh.
Then there are times when bad days are in season.
The band is setting the lead.
Is anything really private once it is online?
In few words, I love Egypt at night.
The next day, they went to the refugee camp
If this did happen is it for better or the worse?
How do you decide whom to invite to the show, either for an interview or a discussion panel?
Here is a comment from one of the readers of False Flag
I mean shape your path to your aim very early.
What happened to the democratic America?
Shame is a powerful tool in Arab culture.
Several earthquake victims have died this week due to cold.
Photo taken from the Flickr account of the Defense Ministry of Peru under Creative Commons.
For once I am not sure what I would have done in this case.
It seems that this is the first time ever that The Weather Channel has access to Cuba.
But I know very soon I will be over it and write.
Radio is still and continues to be a powerful medium across most of the African continent.
Have been living at the train station for two days.
I believe he thought it would destroy the sense of community.
Lebanese bloggers posted about this occasion since last week marked the beginning of the month of Ramadan.
On the blog, readers agree with the professor when she says
To hell with being entitled to her own opinion...
Are our villages also a state secret now?
There are two possible reasons for this.
This is how she responded
According to the Centers for Disease Control
I dream, as everyone, of being happy.
Do the hard work everywhere.
The vast majority has been released but continue to face charges.
Same old song and dance  Global Voices Black Star Journal
This world is not safe, not human.
Bloggers had plenty of comments on the actions of the police.
A number of them are also unable to access Google search.
How on earth do you...
Some argue that their release was prompted by President Obama planned visit to the country this month.
So more experiences throughout life may hurt you more and more...
A person of justice, who could be a moral standard to the nation.
Some got married at that day easily.
But the protests in early April included signs demanding justice and accused police of violence.
I did this, I got a good response, and I wrote many articles.
She tries to explain what it is like to live through a Qatar summer
I have no good memories of him.
Last December, the police was accused of killing young protesters.
The full extent of the impact is not yet known.
therefore, making it easier for the criminals to escape.
He lived there for the first decade and a half of his life.
But what did I just see?
On the second part, protests in North and South America.
Should Internet Be Subjected to Mass Media Laws?
Saying who you are is not enough, you also have to show who you are by how you act.
The military were never really interested in racial unity at all.
A Korean language edition is expected this year.
Have you ever tweeted about a court case while it was still in progress?
One must never cross the limits.
She warned that it would still take time to achieve their aims
The Prime Minister is returning to East Port of Spain on Wednesday.
As I have said from the beginning.
What should we do with people like that?
What has been your audience reaction?
But for this to work, it is of vital importance to increase Internet access and lower its costs.
In response to the situation, have just created an excuse to cool things down.
should we address this issue?
And so any official, including those in the Interior Ministry, thinks as he is looking at all that
However, specific measures are now in place to protect them
The government authorities took him to a mental medical centre, for medical care.
The group issued this statement
Please visit the open call for participants for more information about the event.
Therefore, the question is political, and its resolution will also be political, regardless of what it is.
knew exactly what they were doing
The minister is scared on the reputation of Lebanon, you know, Lebanon the country where
Of what it will no longer be.
Public officials have come to work.
Amazing how much love music can give.
They take care of each other, and once adopted into an Azerbaijani family, you will always be family.
What led her to the death?
Both wrote about their experience.
Media should work with the government of the day.
So what, I tell her, let them fire you.
Google services have won the hearts of many Pakistani and Muslim internet users.
Violence and unrest  Global Voices United We Blog
Many men lie to get sex.
Why Should Arabs Have Access to the Internet?
Another comment sounds rather militant
The bill was approved last month, but protesters have continued to oppose the new draft.
A scene is just a part of a play.
And he now faces five years in prison.
A fire caused by the bomb destroyed part of the building.
The post was picked up by a number of bloggers, and each discussed the incident from a different perspective.
He quoted an official speaking off the record
Eat well, see you next weekend
It has nothing to do with religion
Powers was covering the remaining guard.
He concluded his post by saying
Even social media is threatened
This story is still developing.
You become innovative and find new places to store your goods.
But he is disappointed by some developments
Let us be on our guard
What did the President do?
How did they find out about the march?
How can you walk on, like nothing ever happened?
This literature becomes a large part of their lives.
They all still have responsible jobs in, for example, the police force.
in others, they become gang members themselves
What are your favorite blogs?
Water gun festival in Tehran.
The question might be asked
Nobody seemed too surprised or disappointed at loss.
Did it change your approach to work and task performance?
We met at college, and got engaged after we both finished.
the reaction of the RuNet, Russian propaganda, and the reaction of American experts and American society.
Whatever one has achieved or failed to achieve.
Many of the comments on Twitter reflected this sentiment.
An attack on the land reform...
Netizens announce a battle with newspapers.
Really powerful, as if in the school.
incidents like this could very well kill the Ukrainian hosting market.
It is hard to understand the reason behind this verdict.
In a democratic culture, dialogue is a door that nobody can close.
We talked to her about her work for GV as well as other volunteer projects she has taken on.
I guess I would have to put up with this reality.
Read her post for his answers.
So far, no one has been sentenced.
It far worse than that.
Try visiting Israel if you have a name like that.
Politicians helped a lot for the population in knowing the way about the question
According to a statement by Amnesty International
How can we help them?
Look at what she is wearing?
can humanity rise to the occasion?
Many see them as a threat to press freedom in the country.
However, it did not stop the banning of the political party.
On what issues do we agree in principle?
The same also appears to be true on Facebook.
It could and should have been prevented.
He is a strong person and a capable person.
because of this language policy, he is supposed to use English for this course
The girls were taken away by passing cars safe from the police.
I think the climate movement in Latin America is new but also quite old.
Our official request to the police to investigate the attack had no results.
We are, however, fully responsible for the situation in Syria and in Libya.
Map of the political corruption in Spain.
But the fact is, no one knows what the real reason for it is or when it will end.
The interview was originally conducted in French via email, this is a translation from French.
Sometimes we are a bit ahead of the rest of the country.
His poetry will be repeated by thousands in front of millions.
And the lack of full Internet access is only part of the problem.
Are you willing to serve the people and our country?
Yet even commercial television channels in China are subjected to the censorship of the single party government.
Poster girls for the sex boycott?
The worst thing is waiting for torture.
who read it, can they share with us how did they find it?
Once Upon a Time  Global Voices Photo credit
The right of free speech has always extended primarily to those who owned a press.
Just a few more steps.
where this Twitter user noted
The article showed widespread corruption throughout the state of Egypt, all throughout the police force.
What is their role in this climate change initiative?
You only made it all worse.
They are failing the democratic nature of the region.
It was later found out that he had not committed suicide.
The full version of the text can be found here.
My wife has gone four or five times , my son and I went two times.
So he paid more attention.
For this must be the project of the whole American people.
Those were the three years he spent in prison for writing on the Internet.
She wanted to know how he could let her down.
Earlier this year, Obama, when asked about it, left the question open.
What is the latest book you have read?
Another Human Rights violation, and one of the most dangerous
My blog is mainly a social awareness blog.
A person who used to have freedom will not give up freedom.
Read the analysis and enjoy it
Incidents like this make me wonder what type of people we have in the Government.
And we are too easy.
I want to tell the world
Two weeks ago, fast food workers protested for similar reasons.
Respect those who are on duty at the polling station.
and if he would not, to engage us in a dialogue to explain why he cannot.
The article in question read
They want us to die with the fish.
Twitter reactions to the proposed concert ban
those presents had been on his mind.
When I look at his clothes, I feel that he is alive.
However, in reality this is often not so.
To you my mother, every year you continue to be alive in my memory.
It is such a difficult subject to discuss.
Do you think that blogs and new Internet technologies are now important for countries such as Armenia to consider?
Did you hear this song of Freedom?
If you read no other post this week, read this.
To hell with you and your republic
in other countries they are much more common.
It had stopped eating and become weak.
Basically the focus will be on the Web.
They are running for water.
Suggest a boycott of goods from Trinidad
Two others, she notes, ran off during the earthquake.
So we help them promote their work.
Well, first of all, the birth of my two children.
In situations like these, never get angry.
Did the farm workers not know they were there?
GV  Why did you open a blog about books in the first place?
We will probably never know.
However, the government turned a blind eye to the actions of the police.
But, you see, America needs the UN, and the world needs the UN.
The meaning of the word is quite physical, to begin with.
She called on the media and social media users to put on the pressure.
The full speech, in Spanish, can be seen here
Who is responsible for the block?
Corruption in the National Olympic Committee and the Afghan Sports Federation have received regular attention in local media.
However, the blog allows invited readers only.
I am lost for words, really.
Maybe we can start with some questions or comments about the guide.
Gender equality education focuses on a particular analysis
The social networks do not have this commitment.
This year has been good for raising the awareness of Kenya in the world of film.
This coup attempt could not have come at a better time.
Can we eat that photo?
The winner will receive a digital camera.
I walk across the bridge.
for the developments in these areas make sense only if they are connected to the age of revolution itself.
There are a lot of traditions that go along with this holiday, and lots of fun as well.
This is vital to a UN position.
will the new leadership bring more freedom of press?
I think this is a narrative people should know about.
Surely we can do better?
A special fan page on Facebook has been created
This is not what we want.
they put much effort into public housing.
All of this fighting displaced thousands of locals.
According to the Blog Action Day website
in almost every house there was an affected person.
In a comment on the blog Fiji
They would be absolutely right.
Everyone in this life has a best friend.
Here are some reactions from Twitter on the latest developments on the ground
Maybe when you read his article you can explain it to me.
We should be proud of our history
actually, it was two of them and I captured both....
The first user explained he had never heard about this network.
Many started thinking about the current situation
All this is forcing Kyiv residents to...
How do people react to what you write?
Pay attention to the message to the message to the Mexican fans in Russia
Some bloggers are in love and not afraid to share.
Tell us a little about yourself.
The launch will take place at a public meeting to be held this Wednesday.
This third choice was in fact made.
politicians and public persons also felt it was important to attend the event.
But starting this day, I am standing for myself.
I am through with this.
The process to stop a mining project is always the same
This is true for two reasons
It would mean having to overcome too much frustration over how the country I used to know has changed.
For example in Cuba, the free software movement has helped with sustainable development.
Global Voices Was it right to bar white South African journalist from the forum of black journalists
From time to time, I also meet some and hear nice things.
One of the protest banner slogan
Iranian bloggers have covered this story and shared their ideas on this bloody event and the rumors surrounding it.
Her appointment with government officials took place last Wednesday, and immediately following the event, she posted about the details
Christians and Muslims come together and help each other.
If anyone has an alternative explanation please let me know.
I hope the release is not only his own victory, but also brings the release of other innocent people.
Who Will benefit From Oil?
You were silent and now you have started talking?
The post then compared the two leaders
This practice will then stop in the country.
The people are there without water and without food.
There is no mention to the multiple violations of the regulations which were passed.
Democracy is only just a show.
On Twitter, feelings were mixed.
Children are among those who are suffering the most.
Some of these posts have received dozens, if not hundreds, of comments.
I sat around the fire and read a book.
What Does It Mean To Be Indian?
But we did publish this post
That is, it is literally a picture window
Life on the streets is simple and I like simple.
I kept posting on my status till i could do something else.
As stated in the event presentation
Where could the press conference possibly go from there?
I have not talked to them about leaving.
China has shown a lot of interest in Africa in the last few years.
in which students can be seen blocking a road and traffic backed up into the background
How close are you to your dreams, and how far away are you from reaching them?
The order to release my father was issued minutes ago.
In an article published on Black Perspective, she wrote
These boat people are not all they make themselves out to be.
Throwing Down the Water wants to get everyone speaking the same language.
Comments on the video range from the expected to the less expected
I was able to learn so much.
A temporary life that has turned into permanent home.
I just want for them to be there and to have influence.
almost like a dog, only it was a little girl.
Every one has their appointed hour but some go earlier than we would like.
According to the current legislation, abortion is banned except under the following three circumstances
It is also common to find various hate groups, propaganda photos and messages on the social media.
Solidarity with the prisoners amongst Palestinian citizens has been taking various forms.
In a way, I lost my home because of the World Cup.
The situation is exactly the same like in the rest of the country...
The verdict raised mixed reactions within the Ghanaian online community.
Protecting your Data  Global Voices Czech Republic
For them and their community.
And we have been covering the bad and the good, all year at Global Voices.
But we have got to earn voting rights in the city elections.
Want to Celebrate Blog Day?
Readers were also encouraged to mention their books of the year.
they appreciate some aspects of IS governance, but do not want to get too close.
Nations come and go but the church remains.
Maybe it is our nature or culture to go along with everyone.
Here are three of them
A piece of meat, am I?
I loved my job but it did not love me back when it came to money.
Let us not forget the Paris Peace Conference took a year
He told him that we were going to Turkey.
On social media, this topic caused a lot of debate.
Have they been part of the process?
that things would get worse before they got better.
Thank you for making such an enormous, progressive contribution to this collective culture.
But pollution is the king of all risk factors.
His initial reaction was one of outrage.
Below are some of these comments, translated from Russian and Ukrainian
Man, I do not go there to engage in politics.
Little of it has to do with the content.
We always hope through diplomatic methods Taiwan can be connected to the world.
Thousands of people are in hunger here.
They have the impression that things are being hidden from then.
My children have to live here, but how can they live normal lives in an occupied country?
Finally, you become a president.
Others simply claim that the amount is too much.
For safety reasons, we have decided not to use her last name.
Desperate times call for desperate measures
You see, my son is Georgian.
But the blog very quickly became our main marketing tool.
What kind of statement needs to be written with the blood of others?
Be sure to check out his roundup of discussion of the murder in the Turkish blogosphere.
So why reveal all this now?
We talked about how it works.
I look for free ones.
one, it is not Bolivian nor Chilean and two, all of that does not really matter.
But if you want him.
Part of it is, of course.
In a statement, it said
Meaning not even the future, but the current state of the country.
If left to market forces the people will not blame you for high prices.
I have chosen a path I must complete.
As usual, Twitter echoed the news
Blocking access to such sites which are rich in information causes damage to Syrians.
Until Friday evening, I could still call my home.
Notice how they immediately asked you if you have a flight to catch at the airport.
And I am from Brazil.
Facebook and blogs also addressed the issue.
And we want you to be the first person to know these news.
the reform of the articles of the constitution in respect of transparency and access to information.
This show of support will be reflected in every home.
Why should anyone not be concerned?
Young Cities is a joint initiative between the Strong Cities Network and Youth Civil Activism Network.
This is how they sell us out.
Certainly not one I expect to hear great things of in the election results, but perhaps a nice sentiment.
Your donations go directly to the people who need it most.
Who says that Muslims are not opposed to this chaos?
There were such a crowd near the poll stations.
In both cases, the courts ruled in their favor.
Here is the latest round up of reactions from Twitter
Hope all Indonesian workers who work very hard have a good day.
How do you manage to capture these moments?
The latter will be only open to boys.
Staff journalists can then add these reports to a developing story.
It is my adopted country after all.
This focus is not unique to this week.
Look for them and let her words, thoughts, and spirit live on.
In addition, the project gives Africans a platform to tell their stories to the rest of the world.
I believe you have been seeing how things have been...
Whether this provides Lebanon with greater governance remains to seen.
He promised to establish justice in the country and supports the Palestinian militant party, Hamas.
A woman is making a scene
We both fear what might happen.
His arrest has been condemned by local and international organizations.
Use your minds, you disappointed us.
How would you get there?
Neither the authorities, nor the law enforcement react to it.
If Pakistan does not allow them, the Taliban cannot do that.
A blogger introduces several methods
What do you think is the role of citizen journalism?
I know, you know, we know...
Global Voices Public transportation in Mexico.
First Woman President in Chile  Global Voices Photo
Take one for the country.
She said what she meant and let it be.
It is the university, rather than students, that lose value.
this resulted in a few complaints.
As always, the post is also available in Spanish.
Terrorists will already know this.
They wanted goals in regular play.
At the end of the day, that is what really matters.
I came as a friend and family and also as a Malaysian.
What if someone showed up as Michael Jordan or Barack Obama?
all the players were born in France and have expressed repeatedly their love and pride for France.
Despite reports like this, government officials quickly denied it.
What would any normal person do in such a situation?
He went with them after they asked about his other brothers.
We remain in the USA and look at two topics that Indians love to talk and blog about
Some parents, for example, went to the market, leaving their children at home.
It is upon the government, then, to address the plight of its citizens and help save these lives.
He who is proud is not so for long, Like a passing dream on a night in spring.
The photo was presented as proof.
I saw it with my own eyes.
At the very least, it will bring doubt to the relationship.
World AIDS Day  Global Voices Regional bloggers discuss World AIDS Day.
Where did the beautiful and happy pictures go?
But What Did He Actually Achieve?
People helped her with the following advice to provide for the needed information
But the government may have other plans.
In the evening, a security old man said
And what about the mother, who did nothing?
What are the challenges she faced?
Is it fear of, or for young people?
he was creating his characters.
was there something you wanted to bring up?
On election day, the Election Violation Map was not accessible.
So the entertainment world is front page news in Japan.
A while before that I tweeted
The video also highlights the presence of international observers who can visit polling places without any restrictions.
Actually, there was one explanation
That kind of blogging was very common among my group of friends at the time.
Some of us, for the first time in our lives.
During that time, to our knowledge, we have never described a false document as true.
And still, a dictatorship will remain in Uzbekistan.
It makes me so angry.
Thank you for encouraging me.
Direct your anger towards the corrupt ruling class.
Is this new Lebanon ??
The second one, bringing much needed hope about the coming year.
They are the visible victims.
I am scared out here because I am an old lady.
There are several types of the drink.
The parents gets a break and some help.
But the corporate world is playing safe now.
the discussion took place a few hours after the accident, on Monday night
You can feel the difference when you use the Internet abroad.
How did you get involved with the Occupy Wall Street movement?
We encourage other similar initiatives around the world to do the same
I still believe we can.
It requires self control and certain actions, which everybody can afford.
Nigeria is all that she has and no place like home.
It absolutely does not mean that.
The full text of the complaint can also be read here.
In addition, soldiers and riot police were called in.
This fact has had very important cultural implications for the country.
The digital media caught on to this news, as one would expect.
I have nothing to say here.
That we should destroy everything we achieve.
Global Voices Image from the International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran Facebook page.
For many, this agreement continues to get worse and worse.
They should have it released here, in USA
I will live and die with Beijing News.
No one is getting it
All Egyptians need to live in dignity.
The only thing they know is what they have been told
This current strike follows a strike earlier this year by doctors.
this week ends on another tragic note.
I always thought that they would be enjoyed only by family and friends.
We are not only talking to each other, but sometimes arguing too.
The discussion will continue, as it will be some time before the ruling will be seen in the Congress.
They never think too much about environmental security.
A blog set up by supporters just announced the following
But to keep his position, he must give up his power.
Photo from the press service of the President of Kyrgyzstan.
They are determined to prove something.
I mean, we are not in different teams
In general, when I write in English, I feel that I have more freedom.
In these photos, Ali is seen visiting religious sites and meeting with various Iranian government officials.
It is a completely different thing when people visiting a country share opinions about local food.
What do you think about that idea?
The new policy has also prompted concerns about freedom of speech in China.
Education is the most important thing in a country, it is the foundation of everything.
I am sure the answer would be NO
They are welcome in our houses and in our cities.
This was what happened in our case.
The background of this notice is related to a series of events last year
Later that night he reported
The blogger adds that in reality nobody in Afghanistan speaks as the characters do in the series.
The situation is so severe that Brazilian women themselves are changing how they act.
She told him she had to think about it.
Everyone knows that took to the park by force.
But these recent measures taken by the current government raise questions about its commitment to do so.
It concerns an accident between a Chinese couple and two Japanese in Beijing two weeks ago.
Today, we tell you, eye to eye
I know it is not easy.
but we do share the same space.
Peaceful protests are also taking place in other cities.
Global Voices This story should serve as a warning for every internet user.
My African experiences  Global Voices A health worker from New York, USA, writes about his experience in Africa
On the other hand, according to the Russian law, a protest by one person does not require special permission.
Now army shooting alongside police.
Now I have the right to study the materials of the case.
And yet, life goes on as normal.
What do you think these results mean for Spain?
The reason behind this, he explains is
To do that, they would need an official request from law enforcement forces engaged in an investigation.
Why does only pay attention to this problem when terrible things like this happen?
Can Zimbabwe escape this route?
We started bringing people into our homes, schools and hospitals.
A netizen recorded his terrible experience.
The Authorities have repeatedly stated that actions will be taken.
The more I learn about this topic, the more I realize that I do not understand anything.
Does it mean that all charges against you have been removed?
I started to get by.
Tell you the truth all her songs were really great.
Being a mother, we wanted our children to be successful.
What gave you the idea to start the Indian Memory Project?
We have to make this clear.
In fact, the decision was officially announced by the channel itself on its Facebook page.
As for beauty, whose concept of beauty is being promoted?
The international community was shocked.
These people make me sick.
If you read no other blog post this week, read this one...
Do not let a secondary school determine who your child is, and who they will be.
It is unclear who started the violence.
An action many netizens opposed citing humanitarian reasons.
Screenshot of the live broadcast.
International blogs have also made reference to this important visit.
And in this case there must be some details about the dead person, time, location and so on.
is trying to teach the Church how it should live.
This led to a wave of reactions, some in favor and others against the decision.
And so we have a society at peace, because the individual world is at peace.
Since its a Friday and a holiday, a huge crowd is expected to join the protests.
People have died, fish have died.
But this is not about protecting Egyptians at all.
I hear that the man in charge of that village was killed.
But at the same time, it will lead women to continue the struggle for their rights.
Poster for the Meeting of Cuban Bloggers.
After six months of silence, the Serbian highest authorities did indeed get involved.
The Venezuelan government also detained people who had nothing to do with messages against them.
He walked all the miles back to his room.
Just adding fuel to the fire, I think...
He points us to a forum online where the issue is being discussed.
Almost all the bloggers participated in the game.
Some say history is in the making.
Under the former dictatorship, we had a country called Iraq.
What kind of future do you see for your project, African Path?
and do not attack national leaders.
The system in which every town and village is managed from the Kremlin has proven to be a failure.
Today the second US presidential debate has ended.
What we are doing today is to try and bring everything back to normal.
The size of this hot region was estimated by eye.
How did you get involved with the project?
In order to bring security to all people in Israel and Palestine we need to end the occupation.
I see some of you surprised.
has lived to see to another American president.
Presidential Election and Foreign Intervention  Global Voices Lebanon is now in its fifth month without a president.
No, the fast is going well.
The group also posted the update on Twitter.
It is an issue of security, not a matter of punishment in asking for Mayor to stand down.
Map by UN, released to public domain.
But the government rarely takes action against those forces.
So what are we seeing here?
She now risks jail time for the same charge over tweets she posted in September this year.
For us it is the best thing to spend money on.
An organization filled with international artists whose goal is to help fight poverty ...
Other topics are political corruption up high and the power of a musical request.
Members that know each other or want to meet each other will connect by a variety of common interests.
She writes about affecting Africans today, especially African women.
The videos are then shared online.
Children are especially vulnerable to this deadly situation.
However, an anonymous comment in the above post criticizes Church leadership.
What might you do to overcome this?
and her way of help was as follows
Egyptians also took to social media to criticize the statement.
There was no reason within the order.
In their statement, Bahrain Debate organizers say
Here are what some people are saying on social media.
Because what is happening in our society is our business.
On the average, it is probably worse than a year ago.
From local let us cut to the international scene.
she was more than a woman who faced problems.
Or perhaps two million are needed for that, or three?
You can chose yourself how often you want to hear from us.
away from fear of the evil society...
A Facebook page has been created to raise awareness his case and the hunger strike.
According to the law, it has no other rights, except to provide security.
Twitter reacted quickly to the announcement
Do you know of any success stories so far?
Now we hear that they want a government of national unity, based on what?
In Russia, no such system exists.
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities.
In a comment, he explains further what kind of dream he meant when he wrote the entry
Screen shot of the video spread via social networks.
my best friend killed by Saudi air strikes.
But they face many challenges.
The new voter wants Jamaica first, party last.
Global Voices What the Bangladeshi blogs around the world are saying
but I support those Iranians who are struggling against both sides.
I believe these places could easily become spreading points for the disease.
That may be hate speech in terms of the Equality Act.
The blogger also shares photos of the phenomenon
Where is our sense of outrage, Zimbabwe?
He goes through six points to answer the question
Roads to Iraq goes further.
In the end she says
Photos of wounded children together with accusations against the army went viral.
I wonder how many of them have actually read him.
But then it disappeared just as quickly.
He criticizes those who refuse to honor the occasion
Flooding documented on citizen videos Puerto Rico
Haiti is a complex place and the damage to the country has been severe.
when you oppose the dictatorship, it means you are already walking on the path to jail.
Once again, concerns are raised where the limits on freedom of expression in Russia really are heading.
Organizations working on the ground
How do we think of current transportation in the city?
Some examples of these headlines read
the end of the world is in two weeks.
What I used to call life back then was taken away from me.
Whether other children who stayed home are attending school regularly and have something to eat.
Who is next on the list?
They want a chance to live a better life, to contribute to the building of a better society.
Others followed from Palestine and Arabs from all over the world.
You watch it and think
On Twitter, netizens continue to follow and react to developments on the ground.
and this was the only material symbol that remained of him.
What Does It Mean for Peace in Afghanistan?
Human Rights First launched a protest campaign too.
I think that with time the poll results will change.
We want an independent committee with full power to investigate.
That seems correct to me.
A major threat to privacy?
They took them alive, we want them back alive.
Read the first post in this series
University student movements rising up around Europe are proof of one of the biggest crisis of our time
How does it have anything to do with us?
We had a calm day, but far away, there was a battle.
You are writing a book on the Internet and its impact on society.
Mothers deserve to be supported and loved.
whether you miss it or not.
I discovered this at the airport in Moscow.
And the stories they told were true.
It will be defined by what we have already achieved and what we will still achieve in the future.
You are walking and you simply get offered sex, every second person.
There is much that can be achieved using this platform.
Yet the new legal regime has changed the rules of the game.
In Kenya case, where oil was found earlier this year, Local Development Network of Africa asks on Twitter
Later, the same user added
No, because he inspired a global moment of reflection.
I am against this war, but I am for it.
The state needs to decide which it is and stop trying to be the worst of both.
The money was never declared by the candidate, as required under electoral law.
My visa to Kenya was ready in one day.
It was something to be seen with my own eyes.
But with school they kind of do have a choice.
To see how this will work during the World Cup, for example.
can contribute to political dialogue in Morocco?
Photo from Wikimedia Commons, part of the public domain.
So I went to the ministry of defense no pictures due to security.
Rising fuel prices  Global Voices United We Blog
He says it was impossible to count how many people died.
We wish his family, friends and fans the strength to go through this difficult time.
where have all the trees gone?
how will the funds be spent?
In the West, we know about Soviet prison camps thanks to literature of the time.
We will possibly be shot at.
Let us review similar initiatives in Southeast Asia.
Amnesty International and other human rights groups have spoken out.
So, what is then the basic story behind it all?
Human rights for all please.
But I approach the issue from a different direction.
Check the post for photographs and videos of the campaigns.
Video people to speak directly to the without any intervention from me.
THE DAY WE GET ALL THE RIGHTS WE DESERVE.
What are your current plans?
It is not important for us.
Do I want to kill?
Children of Egypt, clean it up.
and what the newspapers are saying.
After saying this, I was beaten right away.
Generally speaking, those who do this live outside the country.
Probably the last of the original Island Indians.
However, the Internet is still active.
By doing this you can give the whole community a chance to benefit from your changes.
And perhaps we could start telling a different story ourselves
I knew exactly what he meant.
Here are a few pictures of the rally
Imagine when you spend three years in prison for a photograph you uploaded on your account.
They are giving me their time for my research.
Actual practice does not often work out this way.
The elections are not without controversy.
But Israel exists and we must accept this reality.
Or tries to capture as many people as possible.
This is one of those sites
How do you collect materials?
The protest was recorded on video
But, I understand those who feel the need to celebrate.
The issue is sensitive, and this is one of many opinions from bloggers.
And the media storm began.
Are you currently working on any projects?
The whole world should do the same.
Well, for some of us.
There was nothing wrong with her job.
We see ourselves, and we miss our city.
Russian police have thus far failed to investigate the threats.
What I did was covering my head.
Politically, Kyrgyzstan is often seen as being more liberal than its Central Asian neighbors.
It was only people from the culture business.
A young child at the rally.
The piece is republished here with permission.
It takes a lot of time and energy to get through to people now.
Does It Make Them Closer to Us?
Pakistan is where it is today, exactly because of this attitude.
today, many more still do.
And some famous bloggers are also journalists.
View from Iran who is based in Europe says
And what they did is, they tried to contain them rather than press them.
Open Data Institute suggests that transparency is the only way to go
My favorite place is anywhere I can see local people and anywhere I can see their lives.
BBC, Guardian, Play Cricket With Facts
I explained the best of reasons I had, what I was doing there, also involving my professional interest.
Now there is no occupation.
I think we need more attention of international media to what concern people to.
Can you share something from it with us?
I hope that she raised her children the way she was herself.
I am a hard working, tax paying citizen of this wonderful country.
Academic results come before everything.
Who do you work with?
If I come across this again in future rally, I would do the same thing.
Please take the time to read this and respond.
Time will tell whether that was the right decision.
This Internet trend in Japan was recently noticed by the Korea Times
Something I had simply never thought of.
How do you bring her to life?
Half of these refugees are children.
He is still being detained and faces life in prison.
one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting.
They elected a new president for the country and a new parliament for another five years.
There are a number of ways Sarah can hide her identity when using the Internet.
To do something on their own.
The question is where the limits are.
A deep and unknown part of his self would lay hidden.
I am talking of the former while you are talking of the latter.
My blood would run cold, and for these people this was everyday life.
But this is just . To those who have been through this hell, my best wishes of health.
Now, let us have a look at some of their opinions
Both got the information from other sources.
No one actually believed that the whole building was going to be destroyed.
How did Words of Resistance start?
Here are some of the more popular hashtags in South African politics today.
Observers do not seem to expect much from peace talks.
So, Trinidad and Tobago, get ready
Western media is currently in a massive crisis of confidence.
Our work has not ended.
Who believed in a cause.
They made a very positive impression on me.
This gives Af, which is the pressure.
Is it the beginning of a war?
They did that, but, thanks to God, did not kill her.
From reading newspapers around the world, all us Israelis seem like we support the operation.
Do you see it too?
It is unclear if they will break into the building.
People come an visit
It is high time, people to debate issue that affect our country.
We need help bad here is the city.
And in the London, where May Day is not a holiday, workers went on strike.
This was two days after a general strike, accompanied by riots, that was staged by the opposition.
Global Voices The more you have, the more you want.
Who knows because of what.
Is there broad participation from various groups in Guyana?
When addressing the nation, he added
The religion, in fact, is an expression of the unity of the group, small or large.
I hit him again and again and again with my left hand but I am right handed.
This is a universal book.
But she was kept up by the sound of the rain.
Your concern about China and Chinese people barely addresses their needs.
I hope that bloggers learn from this experience to learn to ask questions when they need to be asked.
We followed the mission statement
And what will be the effect on the media?
More complicated because I live here
Because in a village, all is quiet and calm...
Basically, Singapore is in this position because she is rich, while her neighbors are poor.
President Xi on the cover of Time magazine.
How would you describe the model the Russian authorities have selected?
All of this recorded in camera.
There is no drinking water either, and people are starting to suffer from hunger too.
He knew he needed to do something.
Making Lists  Global Voices Do you make lists to determine the direction of your life?
We have been silent for too long.
As Iraqis we want transparency in this agreement.
Please tell us how in the comments
Armenians around the world are celebrating again....
My phone is full of text messages warning me not to leave my house tomorrow.
He was never sure they fully took him in.
The job everyone wants to have.
Make a note of it
what will you do about crime in south africa?
The following story was shared by the Armenian Diaspora Project on Facebook.
So all is not lost in the world, for the next two years at least.
And as you go, please close the door On my tears.
He spent nearly one year in jail before being released and is now on trial for these corruption charges.
if something works, you see it quickly and can copy it.
It would be unfortunate if such a perception of Japan starts to spread, and people stop coming here.
There was another student there who declared
We stayed in and out of the house all night.
You had a Twitter election recently.
that has become popular this World Cup.
Down with the bloody regime.
The next time you hear from me will be after the storm.
New evidence means possible new charges.
Please spread the word, check out the Global Voices Books website and get involved
Now the question is how people will see it?
A part of the country flooded, victims and people made homeless by the hundreds.
But I promise to come back with fresh news about the very interesting Moroccan blogosphere.
The United States, of course.
we all had an important statement to make.
LIGHT UP NIGERIA so progress in all the other sectors can advance also.
But what lessons, if any, can he and his communications team draw from this episode?
I am from a military family myself.
There were over a hundred stories.
Only one out of five Polish MPs is a woman.
Winter is coming, which will make sea travel impossible soon.
This was once a school.
State media made him a target.
I had a different way of thinking.
On social media, however, users have starting questioning this attitude.
Continue reading this text here.
I suggest we exchange information
The blog reports successful experiences made by the police of other Brazilian states.
How would you describe it to someone that has never read it?
And we must fight for it to deserve it
Let us walk the streets in front of the German Embassy and demand a full investigation and report.
They almost always have both music and words.
old trees via LA Times.
We are not trying to claim them.
This case might be one of them.
Where is the North East on your map?
What should I feed them?
If anyone said I hurt myself or committed suicide, it would be a lie.
It is helping us ask questions we have never asked before.
Among other things he says
I am totally with them, you know why?
You can never be sure
He has remained a constant target of hate speech and cyber attacks ever since.
Is there really a food crisis?
Here is their post about the event
Where are the ones who were writing not to expect any help from the Tajik government?
Will oil benefit the people of Ghana?
He did not join the march.
It is not the duty of the media to offer protection to the members of the public.
People appreciate experiences that demand something of them.
In fact, he did not grow up speaking it.
I must earn the respect I get.
The opposition has failed to realize the importance of protesting the situation of the station, the blog concludes.
Take wind power for example, we have plenty of wind down here.
This law was inspired by something a lot closer to home
The trial will continue during the first week of November.
But it came out that living somewhere is totally different than just visiting it.
My advice to the government
Protest in Tehran University  Global Voices Israel
Because we were sending them questions through new media ...
At least, it looks like it.
The National Alliance stands with you
There is no solidarity in Afghan society.
Currently, I am studying Internet Governance.
And Baghdad Connect has a chat with an American in Iraq called George
Some of the videos that have been uploaded already on the site are
Havana Times sums up the situation this way
It usually makes you feel much better in the morning
nor official language, nor national, nor even minority language.
The trial started on Saturday and ended on Monday.
Is it that they want these women stupid?
I treat them just like everyone else.
Time to give up and let those trying to do their jobs get on with it.
That is when the new leaders of a new generation would appear
Are you looking down on me?
I had nothing to do with the company.
Here is a summary of the blog events since Thursday.
Here is just a selection of the images of Japan shared by this Twitter account.
This is the strategy for development of culture in Serbia.
Hundreds of voting cards were waiting for their owners to claim them.
What in the world could be negative about that?
Or better yet, will we vote for him?
You like your hair and all those associated feelings.
Local Nepali people are the target audience.
The title sounds very interesting.
He did what he always did and invited them over.
All this is taking place in the northern part of the region.
This will be very effective.
This male silence is not connected to the fact we do not care.
However, the blog says that such an outcome is not necessarily because the authorities have popular support.
This has a huge toll on young people.
This is a blog from South Africa.
Most experts, however, view these figures as being very conservative.
Why else would I come to their office?
Ahmadinejad, For And Against  Global Voices Bahrain has many historical and cultural links to Iran.
I am far more worried about being arrested than being killed.
He wrote, in reference to the leaders
As they lack resources for legal help in China, some try different ways to get attention online.
These two sets of people do not usually speak the same language.
Who do we lose with Internet censorship?
The community was, as is usually the case, the first to respond.
It was there that she discovered a place she could love and a society she could contribute to.
I believe in you all.
However it is very hard to do.
If you see hatred, say something.
In my own opinion, I believe we need to protect and treat water very well.
However most of the people affected were neither dirty nor criminal
The changes were visible soon after.
It has been over a year since this case was filed.
the page is probably fake.
But traveling for few days is really different from living for a long period of time in another place.
All this I tell to my Moscow colleagues.
She tweeted what many people felt yesterday
They mentioned where the bombs were placed What else can they do?
My family came here, and then they help other family members from Vietnam to come here.
She explained that it was an ongoing joke.
But the police did just that.
The officials read Internet and newspapers.
As if there had never even been a call for revolution.
I love it so much but things keep happening to make me feel I have to get out.
Image distributed by China Daily in response to the South China Rule.
So my question to you is
Now, some Chinese Web users are turning the term back on the Communist Party.
Was it yet another stupid wedding?
Not just the big names, everyone.
No date has been announced for the day of execution but it is expected to take place this week.
And I have followed his advice to the letter.
We once had a revolution there.
So it was a close experience.
In this state of emergency, various network groups took up the role of the media.
How did you become interested in the student movement in Chile?
I look back at my experience with him.
You can get more details about the petition here.
We share a common name
Everyone is entitled to freedom of the press, freedom of the people.
Now we learn his trial will be closed to the world.
He looked as if He had just had a woman from behind.
He posted it to his Facebook, and commented
The group shares information on Facebook and Instagram
Behind all of these is the everyday suffering of farmers.
All articles published for this partnership will be collected on our new special coverage page
But what does it really mean?
It was a movement led mainly by young people and civic types.
she may have no idea what this is all from.
She was listening to other voices, out of the future.
This involves a very rich working experience to have both.
We know how people feel.
Supporters of freedom will have a tough battle ahead.
She comes to the phone.
It is released in partnership with YouTube.
I wonder who is that decision targeting?
Everyone will have their own reason.
Did you see him on TV?
On Twitter, some users are sharing videos and joining the aid efforts
My mother was deeply religious.
For him the campaign is to fight for freedom, not for Olympic, nor for the country China
The project is promoted via traditional media, but also social media channels like Facebook.
At the Ready  Global Voices Living Guyana is not getting much sleep these days...
She was afraid and so were many others that night.
When did you start with your music?
There are other elements, but these are fundamental.
If you are interested, there are more from the previous post.
Or at least most of them do.
THEY MUST FREE THAT ANIMAL, HE IS DYING
Earthquake is now a trending topic on twitter.
Used under a Creative Commons license.
A break given before the final verdict.
I am a young officer, I have been in the service for three years.
he had not known it until asked.
giving you authority and power over the weak ...
Here are two examples of participants in this Challenge, who uploaded their videos to YouTube.
So people like us are supposed to go out and check them.
And maybe she never will.
to escape this fate, it must rule some things out.
As a result, it is often unclear which citizenship people living in this region hold.
Then one of them asked
We have no freedom at all...
Even with the sudden change of Prime Minister in Australia, the commitment is unlikely to change.
You can read the thought process behind my decision to support her here in French.
I am celebrating the victory with my own way..
The reactions on Twitter were not any different.
Social media played a great role during the revolution in Egypt at the beginning of this year.
The current resistance against the Putin regime may not amount to a revolution.
You see them on the streets.
We talked about her life, her art, and her politics.
The article praised Global Voices for its diversity, noting
It takes a lot to pull that off.
Why does the media give this man so much attention?
On Twitter, the problem was also deeply felt
Such incidents happened several more times.
What about changing the name of the country?
Users are free to share with each other anything they find online.
And if not, the survey will reflect that.
They will provide care and one can make it out.
Why is everybody worried about the truth?
That is part of the problem.
Bloggers, however, share responsibility for the situation.
According to his family, he has been preparing them to accept his death.
He cut his first visit back to Tajikistan short, claiming that he had been followed and threatened.
He was someone who understood that communication was the only way to understanding and peace.
There are numerous videos on YouTube showing the demonstrators in New York.
I am learning how to guide them, not necessarily by giving them orders.
I know many Americans at home and abroad are also feeling this way.
This is what some bloggers had to say about the news.
The event is open to all, but participants must sign up ahead of time.
How much real power will the current president have?
If you could only see the images on TV.
What has the online response been like?
You can write almost anything.
Do they understand what they are doing?
She lists reasons why and what to love about Bangladesh.
What are you looking for?
They were shooting at my dog.
I failed in my one night stand this is legal right?,
But, this is something I decided for myself.
And especially for us in media.
Global Voices recently asked our editors
They immediately raised concern among many media workers.
The place where you grew up has a way of staying with you for the rest of your life.
There are no taxi stations, so taxi drivers move around town all day looking for passengers.
I noticed that our two neighboring countries, Thailand and Vietnam, have better football programs.
As a result of this, there has been a violent reaction among various organizations and countries.
They had a problem with me being different from them.
I took these in Tehran, near a bus stop.
I never thought I would live to see the date when we can say
The police absolutely has no right do tell people what they can and can not blog about.
We have entered the era of the one term governments.
A lot of this year has been spent learning the skills and tools necessary to create the product.
It is really hard to imagine and give response.
There will be lots of people there at least.
We are not all great artists.
What did the police say?
That is one story every three to four days, on average View larger image.
on the apparent gap between talk and action when it comes to the Nepali Congress.
You should be supporting people on the ground who are calling for a democracy.
Please share it with us
The world must come together as one race, the human race.
There are a lot of similar cases in Belgrade every day.
Are the refugees returning to Iraq?
To honor her memory, her friends, colleagues and loved ones decided to pick up her cause.
Giving up on a blog is like giving up on life.
so what if he is?
You believed in your dreams and made us dream with you.
All political parties are good enough
But she passed away with her dreams.
Whether the ban is actually implemented is very much still in doubt.
That is what I would say to the MP.
One of them has a particular problem
The blog owners can claim it later, if they are interested.
Without families, who is there for the Chinese Communist Party to rule over?
Mohammad, we are all waiting for you.
All these people are from the same beautiful and dirty country.
Why wait for the media to tell your story when you can blog it yourself?
And she adds a practical case to explain it
Not everyone agreed with this perspective
Many worry that as long as Hamas is in power, this will never stop.
He has decided to appeal after the hearing.
Each group has its own opinion, and believes in its own vision for the future of the country.
It was never anything I could point to.
Is Vietnam the next China?
In the previous post, I featured the reactions of Cambodian bloggers.
And how do they get here from Moscow?
This law should never have been passed.
The author of this post is member of the coalition.
Perhaps some of these questions are familiar
One Twitter user sums up the spirit of the protesters
They helped you promote the trade fair...
On Twitter, here are a few of the messages that appeared on Sunday.
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established.
An email he wrote and sent to colleagues before his death quickly went viral.
How will it actually work, if it does at all?
A statement from the Presidential Administration read that the President is responsible for the major decisions regarding international politics.
it should be the censorship authorities and censorship.
It is like before under the Portuguese occupation.
I think to myself, what kind of story could these doors tell us if only they could speak.
But this year the travel was far more hard.
Do you blog in your first language or in another language, and why?
Upon returning home after a year, I really wanted to continue studying.
The brave people of Egypt have to not stop.
Internet users immediately criticized the statement.
I was too worried that she would break down.
In a clean environment, there is transparency.
I really hope I can play a role in this process.
What is the impact of Egyptian bloggers on society?
Maybe you cannot get everything, but quite a lot.
Their job was to catch the bodies in the water.
There might be different opinions on the style of voting.
he is a known figure.
How Much Does Internet Access Matter?
Could you ever have believed it?
Civil society groups have issued a statement expressing concern about the lack of information regarding the disaster
George Chen commented on the breaking story on popular Chinese social media platform Weibo
That was a lost cause.
It happened against our will.
Then it is the history.
I wonder what kind of people is that officer from..
Always have been and always will be.
We might go back to days of evil and poverty.
Can we do the right thing as he has asked?
Nearly half of women said the abuse occurred daily.
The proof is that social movements are born on the internet.
Our detention tells a broader story of our country.
We seem to be creating records in all the wrong places.
Here are two of his photographs, used with permission.
This is the least we can do, as one can only imagine what they are going through.
Could a print edition be the answer?
What I also see is that people want to hear personal stories.
recently they told in the news about terrorist camps in West Kazakhstan.
How much study is required??
he taught through telling stories.
The Daily Brunei Resources shares a brief history of the Olympics.
Can Brazil teach other countries about the need to better treat immigrants?
Among young generation, independence day seems to mean nothing.
I completely agree with this
An animal rights activist in Australia tweeted
Angry at their ministers of parliament, voting an unprecedented number out of office.
Freedom is at the door.
I am now in the United States and YouTube is really fast indeed.
The same thoughts were repeated again and again.
If you are not sure, why do you assume Occupy Central means to make trouble?
I see that they consider this possibility and perhaps there are some technical solutions, such as the Chinese experience.
Respect the Military and they will respect you back
Instead, they got a block page like this one
I want to start this new media project as soon as possible.
Global Voices Dear International Editor
This is why they control what they publish.
So, my message is to the young girls of the new generation ...
The government of national shame.
The problem is we let the life develop in front of our eyes.
How do you explain this phenomenon and how can we stop it?
Those who take the money find their road, and the money is taken away from ordinary people.
Who were the main and supporting actors?
Drivers with their own cars hate it.
We all know what comes next.
but the extent of it may be different in different countries..
But the situation in general is more than tragic.
You will receive a bit more at first but in the long run this economic model is not sustainable.
The same author shares this other version
Spread Law explains all about marriage under Hindu Law in India.
What is the Role of the Army in Africa Today?
The police and armed services responded back.
I am tired to see obama speech he need to take actions in LIBYA RIGHT NOW
In my case, I went for Carlos, who has experience and a modern position on human rights.
I really do not like them.
What networks would you like to establish?
So why should we care?
These days in China no one is safe.
This open letter has a single but important demand
More information can be found here.
They want to drive the doctors out so people can follow them.
This has not been tried yet.
The meetings are still taking place and everyone is waiting for the results.
On the political side of the blogosphere, Jordanian bloggers are discussing familiar topics.
I am positive about that.
The blog concludes that Google has nothing to worry about.
This story was linked to earlier here.
Cut the meat into small pieces.
Please help us figure some of these things out by joining the conversation.
On Weibo, the user wrote
New Year Celebrations  Global Voices New Year in March you ask?
How large is the core of his followers?
This cannot be agreed at all.
Should the government ban the movie?
That the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people.
It is almost impossible to ban Google or Facebook in India.
They come to this city, working very hard with little return to serve this city.
But as the exhibition ended, I left.
There are a small number of people I communicate with, but they do not influence the times.
Photo sent by an anonymous used with permission.
Those kids need some food.
Peruvian Journalist Is Awarded Prize in Climate Change Contest  Global Voices Image
This should not be hard.
She even brought me books from the Middle East.
Mr See was also asked to remove the film from YouTube.
But in the end the outcome of the vote will be decided in Afghanistan, not Pakistan, Russia or Uzbekistan.
If anything goes wrong, the consequences would be too heavy to bear.
I do not necessarily agree with this notion.
and between on this matter.
What images come to your mind when you think of him?
However, videos showed a police officer shooting at him.
Child of the Revolution reports.
Do you want to go home and serve your country?
The user added that the pictures of Xi were from online sources or were provided by local Xi fans.
Here are the three that are on top of my head
He could not think of the best for education.
And what do you do for Global Voices?
Then, it turned out that the armed people were ...
And I think this is the most important part of the work.
The artist will be there to collect materials
There is so much more we can do to make Egypt better....
The truth of course is that this is not entirely true.
It is poor, but independent.
Democracy cannot exist in theory if it does not exist in practice.
For them it ends at home.
Why is it so difficult for people to give credit where it is due?
We either live with dignity or die.
Good Development Blog  Global Voices Good Developments is a blog about African politics, development aid, peace and conflict.
I put my hands in the air and I was saying to him
The piece contains an interview with some alleged members of Anonymous Mexico who declared
Any last words for the young people?
Activists and relatives were kept out by court security.
People are more than just human faces.
When go out on a date, are you worried that the religious police could arrest you?
Today I stand proud of my father...
But they did not believe in widespread secondary education, much less in college.
Today, Propaganda Press posted the executive summary of the ruling.
We need to strike a balance in this world.
So do WHO and the other major health agencies.
With the referendum under way, we will soon find out.
The picture is not from Syria, but from Saudi Arabia.
BUT I WILL NOT. ...
He worked so hard in that last year
In India, people often have two names
The photographs are under a Creative Commons license.
A netizen asks about the issue.
He had never felt particularly close to her.
The other was very weak and just laid there.
A voice from far asks
The film will be available for free distribution.
Actually, the Kremlin has already banned foreign goods to spite the West, and this is what it looked like.
you help the society by bringing up children.
This is actually not only a Polish problem.
He has been threatening the leaders who plan on speaking against the bill.
It is not worth to wait for lives being lost or for a weak government to reach a decision.
The rich lived at one side and the poor at the other side.
She did wait for a phone call.
She asked me just one thing
The old people know this better than the young ones...
This is all I want to say about the Article.
How genuine is his bid?
Since this will always be a small group who should be in it?
The media rights advocacy group has called for a boycott of the conference.
Some are very worried about the effect on the South African economy
Will or will there not be violence again?
Global Voices will to watch for any developments in the case.
I am excited about every aspect of it.
What would it look like?
Please join in and tell us what you think.
The blogger says  it is not right to call these wild people, students.
This is a key moment
As long as you could connect the story to the nuclear talks, it was relevant.
Of course, I have no one to blame since I choose it myself.
But overall it has been a very positive experience
They remind me why it is important to keep doing what we are doing.
It has also been awarded a human rights prize by the Human Rights National Commission in France.
Can you speak to that?
It allows me to learn new things about myself and how to manage people despite our cultural differences.
There is still an enormous amount of growing up that the media needs to do.
We want to get involved in the community and give them what they need
It is a hard question.
To keep on top of events at Tokyo Fashion Week, follow the Facebook page.
Everyone on the boat has their own responsibility and they need to work together.
Lack of infrastructure killed people.
Do you think blogging will really take off in Cambodia?
From the people around him and the newspapers he reads
And things seemed to be cool.
Then the various officers of the college might take up the case.
Videos by The Real News take us on a tour of how the day was observed throughout the world.
But as nationalist rhetoric gets more heated, cultural exchange is suffering.
The results of this vote were presented to the UN.
This is what I am going to post
We will be there to read all about it.
The government has the solution.
Despite that, in this post he reflects on all the ways he feels lucky.
So I care more about check and balance and language.
This phenomenon has been covered by Global Voices here and here.
Let me state this again
In Zimbabwe, they are very few and far between.
Below is a video record of the protest
Global Voices Want to change the system?
They will ask for freedom of political prisoners.
Serious investigations are needed to get to the bottom of what really happened?
The student union suffered a great deal of the prosecution that followed.
So how will we survive in the future?
Legal Action Against Medical School?
At the same time, it means a new model for increasing state control over the Internet.
How long did it take to prepare the guide?
And so far the project holds much promise.
Half those crimes cannot be proven in court.
After watching the video, Zambian netizens reacted as follows  Anonymous said
We need that atmosphere with our people
We must remember that we have a war on terror and not a war on Islam.
But I wanted to do more
Free South Sudan Media Center
The DA has a social media campaign site, official site and a mobile site.
And still Israelis love him?
Belgrade is convinced of the opposite.
How does that idea square with the notion that they should pay for their crimes?
None of the them live in Brazil.
Each and every one of them is a story of suffering injustice and struggling for freedom.
And, if you do, please tell me which is it?
The first thought that came my mind was
In response to a video of Iraqis in the prison he blogged
We must justify our heritage.
Protesters gained some support online
Considering the low prices, it was clear, that taxes were not included.
At the time I believed that what I was writing was the best ever.
But in a democratic space I can use my body, words and name as tools of political activity.
When I wrote about politics it was politics that was personal to me.
Others believe the legal action will help reveal more information about corruption in government.
That is close to a million and a half people.
The times are as follows
Russian flag has been replaced with the Ukrainian one, on the lower left.
Did the state system back down?
The blog says that it will keep its readers updated on their situation.
We went inside for no more than a few minutes.
This information is absolutely secret.
No one wants Big Brother to follow her on the Internet.
And I loved the thought of being part of that.
After Too big to fail, here comes too powerful to rape.
However, many more responded by calling for solidarity through information campaigns regarding ways to help.
Kenyan bloggers have had plenty to say about the draft constitution and the referendum.
Whenever I talk to them they ask me the same thing
What has been the main impact of your blog?
A Facebook page based on the quote very quickly gained several thousands of fans.
Besides, our last elections was so peaceful, not a sign of trouble.
Police arrested dozens of people connected to that incident.
He speaks about ten languages.
Supreme Court of the United States ends marriage discrimination.
Yemen to the Rest of the World
They usually rise up to the occasion.
A video from the fight is below
The amount of people is rising.
Bloggers who cover Central Asia were quick to comment.
The entire world let us down.
Even a Twitter user in Azerbaijan agreed.
When we needed protection, where was law enforcement.
Much has been written about this.
provides the initial roundup of articles and pictures about the disaster.
What else would you like to share with me.
Thousands died, hundreds of thousands were left homeless.
Please only sign up if you truly plan to attend.
You think if they held elections, MPs will change??
no gas, no electricity at home.
He felt able to end on a note of hope.
Although the meeting was concluded without any further progress, some bloggers actively carried on the discussion.
The mining protest has had a strong echo on social networking sites.
She was once a journalist, too.
bloggers are more influential in English.
Roads closed in many places around the countries and classes were suspended in public and private schools.
Unless the prices go down.
What do they say and in what context?
I found out recently that several other people also wrote about my story on their blogs, too.
It gets worse in villages
When do get to cover this story?
He shares his thoughts and his own experiences on the matter.
Instead, the group has become a tool for the radical opposition.
My task is to keep writing.
Obviously, they are following examples from the past when other countries tried to do that.
Where will the conference take place?
I was simply doing something that I enjoyed.
All links lead to websites in English unless otherwise stated.
this is about the fact that innocent citizens may be sent to prison.
The injured animal was under the care of nature volunteers who tried their best to take care of it.
Let us show our support.
Bloggers comment on the issue.
I hope I will manage to do that in the near future.
I expected anything from an illegal trip.
Translation from left to right
He even went to sleep
We will contact you all soon, but for now
When questioned by the media and the Election Commission.
Many others have been victims of security forces violence for the way they dress.
In addition to this, the Minister of Interior did not visit the site of the incident.
The lack of food may have serious effects on his condition, including a danger to his life.
How has the Castro regime received this news?
This is much rather about keeping the story alive.
Who would have thought selling banned books could end up with you being kidnapped to mainland China?
The interview with a friendly journalist continued
I have seen none of that.
He explained why he was doing so
But as before, of the day of celebration Iranian police will ride on the crowd and will arrest many.
His contribution will be marked in history.
They said that if I did not agree, they were going to hurt my family, and hurt me.
It finally felt like Christmas.
The report says changes are also needed at the policy level.
In a statement, CUP explained the pressure that they received from China
We agree that the elections were not perfect.
The first floor tells the story of the destruction, people, and hatred.
Best and least i can do is to say that I am sorry that it happened.
Then there was another one, missing an eye.
The numbers they have are
Many have gone abroad for economic reasons related to the lack of employment in Spain or poor contract conditions.
A short video is also now available online.
And as an introduction to American politics it is highly educational.
We are equal citizens of Pakistan.
It all started with the image below
How much of a difference do you think it makes?
The court was originally scheduled to hear it today.
When and why did you start to draw?
After two years, how does it feel to be part of such a successful project?
What has been the most challenging aspect of making videos?
Pakistan has long been the most dangerous countries in the world for journalists.
One of the quotes he said was
As with any list attempting to list key events in a country, it cannot go through them all.
He tells us the story of one worker he met
On the other hand, other tiny aspects of our lives might prove that we are.
Other initiatives have also become popular.
It is reported that three people died after the protest turned violent.
Social media can either make you or break you.
No one wants to buy such expensive milk.
The United States also strongly supports the universal rights of the Libyan people.
But what of the future without him?
Nine days until the referendum
But we all know it now.
But, India is not bad as you make it sound to be.
Brazil, Ghana, Ethiopia US and many other countries.
If you do, remember that the next victim could be the one you love.
And then you will be remembered.
I left it there with everything else.
With modern technology we already know exactly what the new baby is going to look like.
It was all the pride he had.
Women are always expected to take responsibility for their actions.
How many refugees has Japan accepted so far?
The victims were tourists from Hong Kong.
This is the last blog entry for me.
Objective and comprehensive, deep and easy to understand.
And where is he going?
Read the post and check out the Flickr community to learn more.
In the words of Caribbean Beat
It is impossible to pay you directly, right?
Generally speaking, they were mostly written in English.
Based on local media reports, there was no mention of the trial in the press conference.
This is an Open Letter to the Environmental Management Authority, who are a complete waste of time.
I set the hour of our meeting for seven.
So what could the false story have said?
Intelligence indeed can be bought.
I would say her influence has increased over the years.
Is there anything else you would like to say?
I know about your type
Even I felt sorry for my version of Assad.
At the end, she concludes with the same idea she ends up the story she shares
it felt like the old days...
Israel is trying to completely shut off Gaza from the rest of the world.
But each of these boys has his own social media page, and there are photographs.
Your face is the future face of China.
As we realized last year, GV is not just a media site but a conversation community.
She added that she should find someone to leave her son with.
I guess blocking facebook and twitter will result get people more angry..
Ten years later, Serbian bloggers are reminded of those terrible days.
Talking about the price of the apartment, he says
Perhaps international pressure has worked.
Do we have an answer?
Cricket just happens to be there
The above image was captured about three months ago.
This web site is open to all the mothers of the world united in the same Combat.
The opening lines in the video provide some background
It belongs to the Cuba Money Project.
The call is open to people all over the world, anyone can apply in a simple process.
Readers are invited to contribute content.
So what will we see play out in Pakistan?
Mohammad Omar is a Jordanian blogger.
And they are also hope.
Some of the criticism of the show has been political, as well.
I already helped Palestinian refugees in Jordan, so I had experience.
On Facebook, he explained what he liked about the project
I already know her answer
And then I think about what future they have outside of Israel, and understand there is none.
We both live in the same time...
In addition, Cuba trained many African doctors and sent its own doctors into African countries.
For the fellow readers from abroad.
This is not my culture, I thought.
Very serious things have been found.
Will Facebook let Russia store user data at home?
This week, a verdict was finally reached.
The result was a shortage of many basic products in the big cities.
He told me to return home as there is a race and the roads are closed.
I like his speech and realized he is a man with vision.
I say all this knowing that I can be wrong.
And not everything is allowed?
Those are going to be crucial questions in the next few months.
Can you tell us a bit about it?
Where are the Arabs and their money?
He had been arrested at the beginning of this year after leading a bus strike in Tehran.
I am disappointed that they are still doing this.
Do you have a problem with that?
And in many ways, this is a different country.
This matters for reasons beyond the narrative he will tell us in court.
Am I to blame for all this pain?
Moving to Argentina makes a brief historic summary.
It is finally time to understand the simple fact that freedom is not free.
Trust me, we are secular
It is a good sign
And how should Arab journalists react?
The standard of living is extremely low.
He hit me in my face.
Today is the second time that it has been banned.
Although the Chinese government has admitted that the Cultural Revolution being a disaster, public apology is still rare.
Can you tell us a little about the Wikipedia community in India?
The following comments were posted there
No vehicles are allowed to stop there nor anyone allowed to leave.
None of them voted because they thought that particular individual or party could do them any good.
This would help ensure that the elections will provide the concrete basis for a sustainable democracy.
She also comments on the Iraqi flag change towards the end of her post.
It also offered us an interesting opportunity to watch social media in action.
Technology, and anything technical, is always a hot topic of conversation among Indian bloggers.
Shocked by the hashtag My First Assault.
According to Mark, who has since written three updates with new developments
Here are just three of them
It was about the hundreds of thousands of people who took a stand for your son and for justice.
It will make the media companies happy for a while ...
We have a revolution there.
I just saw that statement on an Islamic TV channel as I type this post.
And later on that day a post titled, State of Terrorism, read
Freedom of expression comes with responsibility to it.
He will have to move in a month, so we came to help him.
Which universities are included in the strike?
that is the question to be asked now
I could just imagine the damage it had done to it.
The home is closely related to the development of the individual.
I had heard there were demonstrations there a couple days ago.
But what are we going to see?
Indeed, his frustration and anger is apparent in his post.
And it is not very difficult.
And here also there is much in the blogs.
But there , there were many good faces, with thoughts and feelings in their eyes.
May this wonderful human being rest easy now.
At the time of writing the last report was the following
It took up the issue of how its readers could help
Is this the time to question or criticize the Indian Government?
This is not about politics.
Does Anyone Care About The Urban Poor?
This reform is sure to raise other issues, however.
We need to encourage the potential in all of our young people.
Dear Facebook, Has the President and the Congress declared war on some country?
An online petition calls for his immediate release.
As an interview with the Chief of Staff at the Tajik Ministry of Culture revealed
mainly, lots of death and lots of sex
Here are some of the posts
The laws of Armenia guarantee basic rights to children in its Family Code, Labor Code, and Criminal Code.
Now, her time has come.
But the restaurant has helped her to keep going.
If China really wants Taiwan back, please change yourself first
Banned to write for making local mayor look bad Others The National Broadcasting Council issued a special statement
But in some cases, this resulted in arrests after police tried to avoid any conflict between both the sides.
But time went by, and suddenly my daughter was starting school.
The change sparked international outrage.
Here it is normal, almost all the girls are doing it.
Of course on own responsibility patients must sign a statement.
Is Morocco stuck, and why?
We want to live in peace.
We always need to discover more about them.
So what is this new thinking?
Is the World Forum for Democracy a Space of Genuine Dialogue?
he talks about it in an Arabic post.
The document is describing in details who, when and how to operate it..
To learn, I went in the morning to the Driving School and registered for the morning programme.
Was it too soon to vote?
This sentiment is echoed in the following tweets as well
What are some of the other topics that you write about on Global Voices?
An Initiative to Establish Basic Income for All Ethiopia
I wish them the worst and may God make my wishes true.
we will build new houses as our friends are doing in other countries.
No one had any idea what was happening.
Since the program started, ten years have gone by.
I am not thinking in a black and white way.
Do You Have What it Takes to be a Mexican Newspaper Editor?
The paper defined privacy in digital spaces as
The goal is for them to be found and arrested.
Nor will be the last.
Nigerian bloggers who cannot be left out share their thoughts, through their blogs.
Will he back down and stop singing it?
Killing in the name of religion becomes easy if you are brought up in a particular way.
April Girl asks angry questions
Of course bad days can be a result of a number of various causes.
I came because I wanted to.
Students can see parts of the country which they may not have the chance to experience in person otherwise.
And the court recognized this information as illegal.
Know where you are from, where you are now and from there be clear where you are going.
This Muslim community is unlike any other.
Is the DREAM Act fair?
They knew what they could do and it was often a little more than I thought they could do.
The people need no advice from the government, they only seek protection.
The tweet sought to make it clear that migrant workers are ordinary people rather than terrorists.
Was the Prime Minister involved?
Read more on her blog here.
Not because White America says something is great makes it great.
Moroccan bloggers are no different.
Like many words in Russian, they can be explained but not quite translated.
Why do we see this phenomenon?
And what is the bigger goal?
we are Arabs like you.
Below are some photos shared by Twitter users.
Iranians tend to travel in Iran to see family...
In other words everyone must be ready to party next weekend.
Many people have big things to contribute even without be a professional.
Screenshot from a video about the displaced published by local outlet El Debate The Debate.
Let me say that again
One blogger has closed up shop for the time being.
While Iranian and international reporters were banned from the event, citizen media provided photos and video coverage.
Which is why I am seeking your help.
The People of Iran Are Raising Their Voices
The map certainly makes the scale of this disaster immediately apparent.
Not that every single Iranian reads blogs.
The two ended up spending a significant amount of time together.
How ready is Egypt for this latest round?
I was back in ten minutes.
How did you discover it?
We continue to fight for and defend our way of life.
What a great day for Fiji.
The Blogosphere has also grown with respect to topic of interests and nature of the conversation.
What about the average Lebanese?
someone took my heart and returned it back to my body....
An example of the images the online community has sent to Facebook.
These programs got all the public schools online.
Giving good opportunities to bad ideas.
Whom can I say thank?
Read parts one and two.
Do you know of any similar initiative in other countries?
Why did you park so far away?
Also I had no older brother back then.
In the streets, there are thousands of food stands and even more drink stands.
I wanted to go and see if this was true, but I knew to stay.
This will cost me more than i can bear.
anything can be seen as a game.
I told them to build me a school in my birth city, and they did.
Social networks are fully built on this desire of a human
an explosion at a Moscow market and a Russian plane crash in eastern Ukraine.
It includes politics, democracy, society, business.
Kyrgyzstan as a state will probably stop existing soon.
The three names are the following
This is how I read what happened.
Bloggers share news and ideas on these events.
Such a crackdown is having support on the ground.
He went back to work Monday.
The news was echoed on Twitter
Why do they distance themselves from the rest?
Killing traditional Japanese culture means being global?
This is way out of line.
But the world is changing, and old media is not the only media out there.
The future really looks dark and an intervention from the African Union is not on the agenda.
The government made good on recent promises to block access to major social media sites if it became necessary.
Americans and Iraqis are happy about it.
There are people in this country who ignore that there already is a wall.
It all went very well.
Eurovision National Competition  Global Voices Global
Register your blog to add your voice
I cannot even say right now exactly where it was shot.
No one asked me any questions.
The power plays happening in saudi now are massive.
Many protesters are young people.
The year in Japanese blogs  Global Voices What were bloggers writing about this year in the Japanese blogosphere?
We also wish you all the best in your professional and personal life...
I made myself with and against them.
First to meet and get to know others like you
New York used to be my only friend when I lived there for three years.
We will not leave this land.
But in general the city looks like this
Maybe you were too busy to review it.
Better to vote for the LEAST WORST.
But it will take money and possibly some help from US officials.
Some views may fall in line with the ruling party.
We need all the support we can get.
Under she dress, taking a rest.
The sources of these conflicts
It is who I am no matter where I live.
Under the PR system they had the Women List and the Party List.
But not now, it is no longer possible.
We have no resources and land, how can we open our doors.
The same appeal to ignore the organizers can be read in other online comments.
She knows how to enjoy life and keep a happy family.
Two more reasons to visit Poland.
What would you say to them?
On her blog, she shares the experience of her journey
Bloggers, of course, are all over the story...
For over a year Ukraine has been stuck between two elections
A new scandal for the Saudi Interior Ministry
For more women in all sectors.
They also do not know how many artists have been discovered through the internet.
which is exactly why it is a crucial topic to bring to the headlines.
It does not favor one religion over the other.
I also have a younger adopted brother.
The posters also highlight the work of women who have dedicated their lives to peace and activism.
We want them back alive.
Sometimes I wonder Am I demanding too much???
The group wants more transparency and stronger measures to prevent corruption.
A Matter Of Life And Death.
So far three deaths have been confirmed.
The group also uses Twitter.
Edward decided to feature her by way of seeking answers to some questions from her.
His trade requires the freedom to travel constantly in the field.
What the hell is wrong with our country and its people?
Financial experts, for example, were quick to connect the two events.
In some laws, the punishment is even more severe than that met to the criminal.
To be honest, the announcement did not come as a surprise.
What is happening to me?
According to the publication website
We Are Everywhere On Facebook several Iranians declared their homosexuality openly and did not hide their faces.
The Thailand Life posted some flooding photos
Why would the government allow such an operation to exist in the first place?
After a month, they finally released me.
As expected, the business sector is opposing the proposed higher minimum wage.
I came down to this comment after seeing some photos
Or, who will speak directly to the government?
PLEASE participate in making it happen. ...
The full text of the agreement was posted by Blogging Beirut among others.
If you are not from Spain but you want to be part of it you are met with violence.
Dark streets do not cause violence.
I hope to give it presence in life, in time, and to let it last longer.
This story has been featured in Global Voices, in an interview.
What is the main reason?
In effect, this means that all foreign businesses are still majority owned by the Cuban government.
An American Soldier  Global Voices A picture speaks a thousand words.
You should thank God and live your life.
Is the music the best way to join a divided town?
As the Sunday Star Times reported
Of course the bill is the important thing.
I can almost hear one of them say
I wonder why the bank does not use this print in Kazakhstan?
On the second try, the accident happened.
More links to the protest in various cities in India.
Which group is the more relevant?
However, one point is missed
The best way to defend is to attack.
I will continue drawing my ideas.
When will we learn that?
This is the specific text
Below are some of their reactions
Party leaders even claimed that they were ready to form a new government.
We have nothing to gain except victory.
PEACE I want peace with Israel
different measures apply when dogs are defending their owners or private property.
Visual stories need to short, and to the point.
The problems lie in its implementation
Different peoples have entirely different ways of seeing the world.
Yesterday was the second annual gathering in this city.
They urged the military to allow the people to directly choose their leaders through elections.
The holiday season has taken hold of Polish bloggers.
Where do you see your blogging experience taking you next?
He explains why in his latest post.
In fact, many of us still like watching cartoon movies.
Taliban have neither denied nor confirmed the reports.
They are criminals in Congo and they are also criminals in Canada and criminals according to international laws. ...
They were far off and looked tiny.
Left said we are not going back.
I want to grow in my online skills and do better journalism.
They discussed the show and the mixed reactions on it on Twitter.
What are we getting for the money that we putting into this thing?
Red Cross Presence  Global Voices The Haitian Blogger questions the presence of the American Red Cross in Haiti.
The project is based on putting history into perspective.
Does it teach you the rules of the new world?
However it is my choice.
The problem was hidden in the details.
Do you agree with me?
what do we see ourselves becoming, and is that who we want to be?
China will sell you Russia became like you too bad too trust ....
it has also become an economic development and planning issue.
At this point, protest is the message
Who will follow Google to South Africa?
Everyone is attacking the mother.
And will things ever change in India?
No place is safe at any moment in Gaza
that a day like this actually tears Israeli society apart.
I will not vote just because people in other countries do not have the right.
The news has been covered in both mainstream and citizen media.
Many show protests which happened this Friday.
A Chinese Twitter user explained
This past week, the government cut their water and electricity supply.
Not five minutes later, the power cut out.
The murder of Gaza continues.
Early into the protest, protesters talk to police posted as crowd control in front of the main government building.
They were discussing a draft law submitted to Parliament which proposed giving each MP another home.
I was shocked to see how some people responded to me
We are all one in this.
Each of these people has been ordered to move, but until now, none have.
they tell you not to tell your truth.
Is it news that there is racism in the world?
Rest in Peace Dear Brother
But at the same time he also wrote about other financial matters involving the paper
Instead, they refused and revealed the case to the media.
And then they will take what they want.
She described the situation as unfortunate and said an investigation into the crisis is ongoing.
Whenever it happens, how is this community going to react?
Another is to speak about this as widely and as much as possible.
There are people from a lot of villages, you know?
They use their blogs as a space to show others their work and stay in touch with their community.
Now, though, the risks are mostly economic.
Who pays you to do so?
My advice to the team...
Its better to be open to the people than telling lies.
As per the Video Volunteers report
Is there any newspaper who would research this issue?
But if you do the same, you will be called all names.
photo form the White House Photo Office Collection, public domain.
a baby had been born Tuesday night, we could come and get her any time...
Girls who live in rural areas tend to be less educated and more likely to suffer in silence.
He met his wife there, got married and started his family.
I know many black people do not want to do it because of that and remain anonymous.
People have lost their children, their mothers, their brothers and friends.
Will she have enough to give the same?
This is the best summer music festival in Europe.
Of this, I had no doubt.
It is worth watching, but not worth being watched in the movies.
We also discussed some issues that would be faced by the future president.
Half of its members are students.
The same things that all college students want to know about
More on this when I get more information.
In this second entry of the summary of the Blog Carnival
Local bloggers also participated in the twitter exchange.
They did not share information.
But I still felt guilty about what happened.
Hundreds of young men from Pakistan started standing up to join the hashtag campaign.
There is no good reason ...
If a post on GV has to be published right away, everything else will have to wait.
Below is a full translation of his reflection
Indeed they care and I thank them for that.
The whole world has its eyes on you today
What games the mainstream plays for Israel.
I might not be able to identify that change, but I guess it will be a major one.
And in the second Prosecution case, by
Among them is the photograph you see above.
It was difficult to make out things.
There are a number of incidents which point to that.
We try to keep an eye out for interesting and relevant pieces of news.
The tool will help families, friends and companies to quickly check in with each other
Clearly, data journalism is at an early stage in emerging countries.
Anyone who leaves is not allowed back in.
The post was shared widely on Instagram and Telegram
You can register via the Summit web site.
There was no investigation and no arrest.
Who do we address our letters to?
Homeless youth also tell stories of hope about positive things that are happening at street level.
Do they all have to be sent to jail or what?
Thank you all for supporting me.
The legal strategy was the same
No one has ever demanded going outside the legal process, even if the courts are indeed very slow.
So, is public security really a concern for this government?
We need to have such programs whether within African Path or as relationship within the blogging community.
We must defend ourselves against an internal enemy
HOW TO JOIN US ONLINE
For the moment, the organized protest is just for show.
So we do not need it.
One of you two say what you want and we will ask for it in addition.
Should we call it Free or Open Source Software?
Nothing is Permanent and follow her on Twitter
Will The New Prime Minister Be Any Different?
It was a great success.
But it was the young people who moved me most
The system works as follows
And in doing this, you are free to expose your real name or remain anonymous.
I do believe in that process.
I asked them to inform my family, and they said they will do so.
We hope the trend continues.
Today is the day to blog about Palestine.
Here are some online resources that people are using to get in touch with each other
Are there plans to have posts in other languages other than Russian?
Photos from the scene are available here and here.
Because no one really gets imprisoned from these things.
the next big thing  Global Voices The next big thing in Ethiopia
Getting Ready for Another War?
So he will step on it next week.
He does not talk to Russian journalists or foreign journalists based in Russia.
This is such a bad idea.
Two most informed bloggers in this situation were people outside the country
and beginning her journey of an HIV positive life.
But they never care about this ....
One possible reason for this could be the nature of the film distribution system in the country
Not everyone recognized the quote.
The story is set during the era before and after the Japanese occupation.
There are communication tool made available through the women web portal such as blog and online forum.
It is not a surprise that many of the Kurdish activists, whether in Syria, Iran or abroad, are women.
He cannot write and he cannot read.
And on knowing your native language
Amnesty International, on Twitter, condemned the verdict
How can anyone be so sure of this figure?
They are not the first musicians to face such repression.
For others, the decision to stay in Syria was based on their fear of the unknown.
Internet is not for the Tajik language
As reported by Bolivia Weekly
Muslim Bloggers Association also published a statement on the Gaza crisis
The market had a huge audience of young black people
The process was observed by local and international observers.
What is the significance of his presence?
He explains why he likes the idea
Development requires social, political and economic reform.
We will all pay the price for this censorship
Protests in Dhaka against the rape and killing of an indigenous girl.
What they practice is not the religion I have come to know, love, and accept.
You said you did not want any investment from China and now you are talking to China.
Mark has the story from Kuwait.
One Country, Two Leaders and Four Censored TV Channels
What is your African theme song?
No other initial data, except for the last name.
He attended GV Radio workshop...
A nice slogan that gives a shot of hope.
Any future agreement we enter into with Malaysia will have no value.
How fair is it to us WOMEN?
People from all over the world sent their messages of support
In the long run, many people were hurt.
Is that still the case at this point in time?
She was holding on to his rock with one hand.
He also has financial interests in Australian media companies and a film company.
In addition, it requires a certain amount of digital culture and personal effort to be able to collect information.
Even writing you now is a risk I was warned not to take.
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas..
The big difference between Chinese and French languages
Here is the text and translation
And now the ruling party has its eyes on the Supreme Court.
The use of foreign words is not a problem limited to old men, but also to the larger public.
I had to make my own version.
In what way are they exposed?
He would continue by land all the way to New York.
The Hong Kong police said that they did not have enough evidence.
I spent three days in detention.
Africa Judges Africans included the following
He even gives us his commentary here.
Many are hoping the meeting will lead to a peaceful transition of power in the country.
Getting people to be happy together.
Copyright Demotix Below are some interesting tweets about the One billion Rising campaign across the country
They are without food and electricity and there is no media or politicians or anyone talking about them.
As we stood up to face what was coming, we saw them.
That is, until she asked where I was from.
users posted updates and thoughts as information came in.
This is a thought worth considering.
he can not raise to the level of the human even
Seven days after the incident, all media reporting on it were banned.
Several leading bloggers attended the event and here are their stories, photos and videos.
A suspended sentence would have been better.
I have many friends who work in state media.
Another problem in this area is electricity.
Netizens turned to social media to bring attention to the issue.
She has small, broad, capable hands and an enormous energy.
Also, a group of students
Religion and music have an important place in my life.
The military forces are trained to use force against an armed enemy and defeat it.
It was nothing to him if rain fell and nobody came.
The actual question that would have been asked through the local referendum would have been
This is the voice of our people.
Should art be more than beauty?
This is a fair criticism, I think.
With that in mind, we want to ask the following
something we thought was not possible.
What will we tell our children tomorrow?
Did they try and go around too late or not at all?
Civil rights action is a means to improve society.
You can read her full speech here.
Or was this always the way the world looked at Haiti?
His visit has been the centre of a heated debate on citizen media.
Why there is no violent act in Taiwan and Hong Kong?
Public domain via Wikimedia Commons.
They often tell this to children if they make fun of sick people.
The Wall Street Journal comments on the results in the South American country
The aim was also to make progress, and for their education to be recognized by the system.
I suspect this battle is won.
We will never eat dog meat.
Image captured from wikipedia Messages supporting the demonstration have been submitted from Japan and around the world
Instead, news was spread on Facebook and Twitter.
Banks and politicians must be held to account
At least, until the next time.
Why is it coming back?
That is why he decided to become a blogger.
Some netizens agree with these claims.
Especially for those who are not always there when they happen.
she only appears in some, or just in the videos.
For the first time, the whole city was filled with protesters.
Beyond this, it is also important to ask
If he moved, he would be in the path of the other car.
The blogger, who has been to three hospitals, notes
For more on the survey and its results, read his post.
Those who kill people will not think twice before killing ideas And Far cry continues
Hong Kong and the Philippines
While the protests were taking place in San Francisco, an Egyptian solidarity campaign was taking form on Twitter.
A lot of them are children under the age of seven.
Do you understand the meaning of half a million of my own people dying in search of a democracy?
Human Rights Closely linked with freedom of speech is the question of human rights.
But then ONLY the way from the airport to the town centre.
That is why he must give it all it takes.
This is not about democracy.
Sectarian violence or Shia genocide?
I always thought my voice would not count.
She invited me to write.
But why not do something different?
Image by Apple Daily News.
Here are the films . Lebanon
Getting to and from school was no problem.
A Story of Revolution, a short movie which documents the Syrian revolution and what it stands for.
The statement is as follows
You not something without your fans here.
What are the limits for the freedom of expression?
How can I take part in this strike?
The documentary uses examples from India, Bolivia, European countries and the US to bring the message home
Caribbean Voices  Global Voices Is there room in Canadian literature for a Caribbean voice?
I wonder why they do it.
It showed that the public supported our efforts to report community issues.
He also said that she lost the vote just because she is a Nigerian.
Children were playing and having fun.
How much happy would that have made you?
She then broke the whole controversy down to one key issue
A mother and her two young children were killed.
are subjected to a similar search in India?
Image from Flickr user Andrew.
I doubt mine would matter.
Voters, some sick, walked many miles to exercise their democratic right
Some of the victims were family members.
Since the beginning, it was obvious to me that my target would be the regime of Ben Ali.
Others say it is simply illegal.
Go ahead and do exactly what you say and see what happens.
The authorities cannot figure out how to prevent that from happening again.
So far, at least two local journalists have been detained for allegedly breaking the emergency regulations.
In any case, the real account is clearly visible with a blue mark on it.
He was tortured by state security forces.
It is good election material.
In whose hands is it?
She also has this advice
Light Within on some fundamental issues.
Miss Lee is not radical.
Someone opened fire from the Security Service of Ukraine building.
It is a good thing that you came out and posted this on a social network.
Was he working on the crime problem?
He continues with his analysis
Hoping people flood the streets.
I want to know if he is alive or dead.
It remains unclear when the poll will take place.
And we will either be a failure or an example for others to.
From these three country I have reader.
Must records always sound like records??
Our leaders claim to want peace, but sometimes I wonder.
She said at a press conference
However, there are actually a few people who do something significant to bring about a change.
There is no value of life here.
Where is the flag of the Republic of China?
If it is suicide, why is all the information and discussion censored and blocked?
The key message is to promote a more positive image of Haiti.
Nobel Peace Prize for Revolution Netizens?
The plan is for Russia to defeat EVERYONE.
If it were only like this all year round
from civil movements, social equality, and the effects of new technologies, to climate justice.
Tell me, do you write your own news stories?
It must be said that his case is special.
You only make the matters worse if you say you are poor.
As the Sudanese blogosphere continues to expand, bloggers discuss a variety of topics.
I wish they live in fear just like we do.
Will he be considered a terrorist?
Copy the content you doubt.
Yesterday, he decided to stay at home ...
We should not listen to people who are outside Iran...
that is the case of Between Us Two, from Israel.
This year, Uganda was not included on the annual Reporters Without Borders survey.
Being rich would mean that you would hate those who are poor.
She requested me to post on Global Voices.
Why would they do this?
Police admit the three were detained, but would not provide a reason why.
My husband did all he could to prepare me for the transition.
What do you see is the value in blogs?
Also, on Facebook, this image is making the rounds
Will we work for free in the service of power?
Political and social changes require a range of conditions, actions and circumstances, all the focus of a thousand discussions.
Jamaican bloggers would not argue with that.
You can protest all you want ....
The blog provides four names
And to the European Parliament because in the end what is passed in Europe has legal implications in Spain.
There are many people like her now.
Surprise Win  Global Voices Girl With a Purpose says
And to solve it yourself...
What was the local response to the march like?
Talking about migration, what does migration mean for you?
How was it for you?
It is not an insult here and neither is it meant to be insulting
Many people celebrated the success of the protests in various blogs and tweets.
Specifically, the Twitter account reports that the government is in the process of creating a universal emergency response number
Obviously, the reason is not the Olympics.
It is unclear if the two events are related.
They arrested us without knowing anything other than our names.
Things go wrong, but they can get even worse.
the second is to make the prisoners available for morning count.
Too Soon to Joke About FIFA Arrests?
The video has sparked anger and outrage online.
The only thing we know is
A promise is a promise.
For now I can only tell where the problem is.
There are absolutely no traffic rules.
Mainland Chinese and foreigners can also take a look and see the difference between Hong Kong and China.
No schools, no training, no hospitals.
The new flag of Southern Sudan.
All these are about position.
The authorities decided to bring out the army and shoot the students down.
But is it really not a coup?
From South Africa, News Time has a piece of advice for South African politicians
How did you get interested in technology?
They want to work less and have more free time ...
It also does not include an email platform.
If this law is implemented there will no more be any investigative journalism.
The heated debate continues to the present day.
She deserves so much better.
Finally, he mentions that prime minister can expect letters from the public on the topic.
The new part is finished.
Is a Cartoon Teaching Kids to Speak Foreign Language and Lie?
this is a short press release just received via email.
We must prepare something to celebrate it.
I wake up in the morning and say to myself
The blog says that religion runs counter to democracy and freedom of expression, especially in a secular country.
Probably so that I myself could learn how to photograph.
Wish u could put some sound to it
At the moment, Wang is back on the Sina Weibo trending topics list twice.
We were in Tahrir and we took part in the revolution.
Of course, it gained that spot on the Washington Post online edition for pretty much the wrong reasons.
In a sense, this is business as usual for the protest movement.
I have decided that I will clean my own house.
So far, most reactions to the operating system have been positive.
First off, we can highlight where injustice exists.
But many are left wondering how long the peace between Gaza and Israel will last for.
a threat to democracy and human rights?
But the truth of the matter is, we have no other choice but to work for it.
Information on the social movement website.
The debate on equality and discrimination will no doubt continue to engage the attention of the region.
Among political prisoners in focus for the campaign are individuals who have been jailed for criticizing authorities online.
What if we start moving?
Regulations issued by Council may destroy the open nature of the Internet in Thailand.
My purpose is to communicate.
You know what shocked me most of all?
The whole world is celebrating football World Cup in many ways.
The photos are not copyright protected.
The game on Sunday is crucial.
And he concludes by saying
Bombs are laid in the foundation of the false country, Prime Minister marked.
Have we so bought into the male view of the world that we hate ourselves that deeply?
I fully agree with you, but i also understand his anger.
Another driver is the price of food
Tourism radio South Africa writes In my opinion, both parties are wrong.
I lived through years of terrorism in Peru.
The administrative body is so weak that one can hardly imagine
To prevent this, both the government and the people are responsible.
His health is not as good as it was before.
always aim for early elections, always be ready to take over.
This is what crime is doing to the people of Trinidad and Tobago.
Listen to what I say
Earlier, no one knew how many people would turn up to this or any other protest.
That is almost always true of these attempts to ban speech.
After being away from home for a long time they were the first signs of coming home.
Or else, China will get angry.
The Caribbean community just too small.
No More Jailed Journalists in Macedonia
Two hands raised to God, by force.
Spread the message if you can.
The person who was minister of the FAR is now the president of the country.
It was a place full of courage and hope and you were part of it.
To want to change is the third step.
I received this picture from a private Instagram account that has been shared via social media
News reports suggest that the government has dropped the idea today.
They told us, the last similar neighborhood where they lived was a bit better.
The list of the websites taking part in the protest is available here.
There was a refugee who was able to come here because of her.
What goals do you have for the future?
We did not have that piece of knowledge, which anyone with work experience would take for granted.
This law concerns citizens of the Tajik ethnic group.
Image by Flickr user Policy Exchange.
where it starts and where it ends?
So how did this all start?
No one has the answer to that because we, the youth, are the answer.
Through I can travel to another place.
He did not, however, find himself at once.
It has a purpose, but it does not have a voice.
In a recent statement to media, the new mayor was quoted as saying
Regardless of what Obama will be discussing, his aim is just to take Myanmar from China.
Almost two years ago, however, the situation began to change slightly.
It had not questioned why.
She opened this book store here last year.
I hope that not everything gets published.
those who are connected to the Internet and those who are not.
At least, they have generated a wave of middle class who want to see the country free from corruption.
Are you here to protest us or to beat and arrest us?
Another medium that has covered the show is the Puerto Rican blogosphere.
You eat some because they taste good.
Poor Egyptian men are in a big problem.
It is unusual for the head to hand down a decision in this manner.
People were protesting difficult living conditions and yet they faced arrests.
The blogger ends with a hope
This type of income is likely to become a significant alternative source.
Three people were arrested in Iran for their role in making a video that supported the national soccer team.
Everyone is staying at home.
Previously lots of people thought that only money and the elite power that can control the many.
Everybody who is interested in Myanmar affairs would know how it would have been difficult to make such decision.
I am sure there are a lot of muslim women in France.
But the question is WHAT IS BEHIND THE SENTENCE?
The next days may show where things stand.
What truth lies behind these claims made by the African website?
And in this past week of celebrations, I have grown even more so.
Does anything really change in our lives?
Two New Iraqi Blogs  Global Voices Iraq Blog Count introduces us to two new Iraqi blogs.
We must connect everyone to the full potential of the open Web.
And they were openly saying this
This recent campaign ad almost killed me.
Go on, do your bit
Children in Yemen are dying of HUNGER
They can talk about all matters, such as Korean politics and entertainment.
Stories that do make international headlines usually concern the following
Still, further issues such as policies to combat drug trafficking are connected with this practice.
There are dozens whom I know that are missing.
Stay well and see you next week.
After that, they changed their strategy.
Myanmar is in the headlines these days because of two things
Had you made anything else before?
So now they must wait, as must we.
And less than two weeks later, he was...
The trouble started in summer.
You end up having a significant identity crisis.
Global Voices Global Voices in Persian finally takes off officially.
Below are some tweets from the hashtag.
What topics are you interested it, how do you choose what to write about?
If there is one, has it been updated?
It is also Australia Day.
Most of the money went to entertainment content providers.
Violating these laws can result in severe punishment.
And as the staff representative to the board?
They are offering them to you to buy.
In a country where holding foreign exchange is illegal, who can pay for this service in foreign exchange?
Did this material offer anything otherwise not accessible through the mainstream media?
There are always problems with tourist safety.
Others say they are going to have a new election and let him run for office again.
The story soon went global.
However, I will only truly welcome this news if Armenian authorities free all of them.
He must stay in jail for three years.
So, a major earthquake is also possible in Bangladesh.
and there was one book that was suggested reading, which we never discussed.
Most are people from the US.
It is the second time in France that a sentence has been delivered on these grounds.
Something we all agree on
Human rights concern absolutely everyone.
And nothing would be done about it.
Please share your projects, links and experiences there.
Spending time with family and visiting relatives are a major part of the season.
What Japan Thinks In the world of Japan blogs, this influential site has been around for a long time.
And it was an amazing experience.
This is nothing to worry about.
Without the aid, many farmers will go broke.
A play written by an African?
Social media reaction has been mostly negative
When their call for protest was first initiated on Facebook , nobody took them seriously.
And they kept their word.
The recent electricity crisis has resulted in a series of government measures.
This is how the market works...
Closed groups on social networks?
The idea of the proof is this.
Nobody told you to come and read these.
However, there remains much work to be done.
But what do we hear today?
Is it because we are a poor nation and the ones who can afford entertainment should pay a tax?
But what is the cost to the people of Malaysia.
In another tweet, he announces
In terms of my views.
Following are some of the videos they made, showing how each of them experienced the games.
They knew their enemy but they did not know their society.
Global Voices Is the blog block in Pakistan back?
Used under a CC license.
One thing was becoming increasingly sure.
In fact, these days supporting LGBT rights can earn you a trip to the hospital.
Make your voice heard in every possible way.
Whatever the case, she is guilty.
Please watch the film here.
The new car was designed in Iran and built in Syria.
Personally, being in an independent country to me means a lot.
Does it come down to education, or to tradition, perhaps?
According to the UN Press release
I do this and others do it as well.
I thought for a second.
There are two ways you can help
Thus events occurred, and victims changed in appearance, and new ones arrived.
A technical team was formed first thing the next morning.
Perhaps our national image is true, but our politicians have forgotten what it is.
You are now under police watch.
The purpose of the election was simply to have fun.
what is the relation between soccer and terrorism?
Therefore, I remained alone with them.
And, having been civil, it remains difficult who participated for good, who participated for bad.
United We Blog has the latest on arrests in Nepal.
It equally attracted a lot of negative comments.
I thought I was alone.
His remarks sparked much discussion online.
Let me share it with you
Many others share her fate, she says.
I was very angry too but is anger alone enough?
As a matter of fact, they will not be able to do anything
These officials maintain local security.
The blog also provides a summary of what the former president said.
There is nothing you can do about it.
Where is this leading us?
To register, one must enter his or her mobile number.
Do you have no shame because of that?
We might close , I guess.
I think the Indians are also correct in suggesting that we probably cannot trust the Pakistan army.
Many reactions on Weibo suggested support for the initiative.
The day after the protest, the president tweeted
Flooding also hit the north part of Malaysia Turkey, Poland
I wish to thank all the governments for their help at such a crucial time.
Now they treat me as if I am a terrorist or a security threat.
I also like to read about different topics.
People may not be take them seriously.
Even if few people want to talk about discrimination and abuse, those things still happen.
Do they have influence or do they just appear and have no real impact on society?
There are some interesting comments below that talk about how much oil and gas project help the locals.
Kevin of What Happened to Your Hair?
After seeing the footage, he said
Are they defending their right?
What has been the best part about this whole experience and what have you learned from each other?
All these things are true.
The band is made up of four college students
Would you like to meet him?
this game was too strange.
You will not get justice because we are quick to blame the rape on everything, but its real cause.
I wonder how you people think about that.
This speech alone is enough reason for revolution.
they will have an impact later on.
This is not the first time entertainment news and information have been censored.
The list goes on, and eight people died.
My life has changed now.
Late evening too low on the light.
They cannot speak for the rest.
She was released on Thursday afternoon.
This is only a request for your help.
Students have a lot to say about conflict and poverty and human rights and education.
But Americans in particular, and the West in general, must learn how to communicate with Arabs.
Go Vote Coalition because this is that time.
We also sat at the back of the whole protest group.
Part of the ruling seemed to support his concerns
Now the research has been done and action will begin.
Most of the village is still in the mosque.
This marks their participation in the election so that they cannot vote more than once.
Some say they can also throw a rock or two when needed.
What other stories need to be told?
only one is just less bad that the other one.
We were writing about issues of public interest.
I attended one of your training session and believe me I learned a lot.
Still, it is definitely worth the effort.
Why do we not have the right to openly criticize the work of this organization?
The real House of Cards happened in Peru
Football Team Welcome You  Global Voices China
What is civil society doing?
But this too is becoming difficult.
Other bloggers discuss ways to be involved in relief efforts for Gaza.
you can hear about it on the radio.
They sometimes bring more suffering than good.
not that she had a baby with a European ...
Our neighbors are not concerned.
What is added value for your blog?
Students argue that the increase will keep poor, mostly black South Africans from higher education.
Another diaspora blogger, A Cuban in London, provides his own perspective
How is the hashtag being received in Nigeria?
and those on the right with force.
You have clothes to wear.
How has the relationship with government representatives been?
Let us encourage each other.
Now I do it on a daily basis, but still, I trust more to bloggers.
How did you get to contribute to Global Voices?
And she just happened to remember to bring along a photographer along to document the trip.
Even if someone would risk their life outside, there was no one selling anything in that hell.
And what a way to celebrate
Going home  Global Voices United We Blog
First of all, Kuwait is considered a small country by most standards.
and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life.
This group is open to ANYONE who has a blog.
We have learned to wait and hope for the worse and celebrate the good, when it comes.
And problems in Kazakhstan are plenty now.
I could feel a lot whenever I witness such scenes.
I, a citizen of , announce my intention to BOYCOTT this election.
progress and take serious the current situation.
The image calling people to join the protest being spread by social media users throughout Serbia reads
The incident has become complicated.
He may, he may have not.
There are a few, four or five yesterday.
Again, it can be put into use immediately.
Reading them all will take you about an hour or a little more.
Women should not drive cars.
The result is so far so good.
Life is not so bad.
And were placed right there.
I attended as a citizen journalist on behalf of GV and my video is available here.
You had your day and it was a good day.
It felt good to see their unity.
Our Greek has been told the same.
As the news broke, netizens reacted with shock and outrage.
Freedom is What We Call for
But the Church is the entire people of faith and not just its leaders.
You would be telling yourself, I know a story like that.
Going to a foreign country to earn a living is a choice that many of us are familiar with.
in a certain sense, one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not.
These days, this idea is seriously being questioned.
Translation of terms, top to bottom
Shared via Republic of Silence Facebook page.
So much of what I read was familiar.
Do you want to say that an individual is stronger than the system?
I accepted the decision that my country would become part of the EU.
One of the reasons stated is that he gets a big salary
An official statement issued by the university read
Living and Blogging Under the Occupation Featuring
You took me by surprise.
The country may enter a period of crisis that nobody can control.
In just five days of demonstrations, the government has carried out a violent crackdown.
Another social conflict in the making....
It is hard to stay calm when you are in a struggle with life and death.
I have to do a presentation tomorrow morning...
What happened to those kidnapped?
I was shocked to hear the news, nobody has told us, as if we do not care.
As a local website writes
He continues by saying that
How can their punishment be the same?
How does it all work on the ground?
In a year, many websites could look like this . What to do?
And now, of all places it is here in Haiti.
I have been thinking of making short films on each of their lives.
It was like a dream.
It called on its supporters not to turn up.
Then it continues with the story of the birth of the train
It made the world go around.
Below is a small selection of such comments
Finally, three victims managed to find each other online.
The services are still blocked.
And this is how they can take over their minds and hearts easily.
I felt that I should have been there.
What region has had the most significant impact on the project?
Our love to him and his family.
I started my own blog sort of late in the game.
This is my mission as a human.
Treat animals like you would want to be treated if you were them.
In the report, published a few days before his murder, he stated
He is not likely to win this battle easily.
With teams from many countries already going home, the rescue and relief will be a tough task.
There were two major points of criticism.
We contrast this page with a similar one from a different state
They pick on me for neighboring those who attack Islam.
Most residents still have to go to work.
never be too excited about anything.
Where is the Iraqi oil money really going?
I think it necessary to start doing something abroad.
If my pass is approved, I may be a half hour.
He guards it with his life.
I would rather not be at work and at home to somehow protect my property...
Some See a Success Story.
These people can do a great deal of damage to more sensitive individuals.
We are very sad about this.
That this is the case should not really strike us as so strange.
Voices are necessary in democracy.
There is no right of appeal.
While one in three might be high, there is no doubt that many drivers do report to intelligence services.
Any man with any principles would have defended this woman.
What about all the bodies of unknown people?
Have we learned to stand on our feet?
The latter explained its decision, writing
It is the first and most important step towards change.
It means a lot to me.
So will we be happy with this?
Have you ever used Global Voices to research a place before visiting?
Malaysia has a general election due by middle of the year.
Then they wondered why the hell they lost.
Each of them gave their own view on the situation.
Very beautiful place with a little bit of everything.
Those on both sides will argue about whether they had a victory or not.
What is your advice for new Cambodian bloggers?
All this happens because there is no social protection for the population.
Its founder even asked for help
As a single mother, she was too busy to give much thought to ever returning to Korea to visit.
It is an act of god
But it happened that he killed him.
One of the readers writes
Second, with whom are you trying to have a dialogue.
everyone was listening to this amazing music.
They resort to private universities because the seats of public universities are limited.
To bring in something new.
How much does he value the deal?
How does a person get there?
You can also follow the account on Facebook.
The whole world watched it.
He was standing across the street.
But it is worth it.
Imagine how much more wealth will be generated with access to capital.
What, have you just remembered?
By the way, Mexican intelligence told me how much this hit job on me apparently cost.
Where do you draw the line?
It expresses the view of the business.
Is online business a good idea?
I have fought and will continue to fight for my rights.
All the promises that these people claim to bring to Iraq are false.
but leave one line open.
A school environment can certainly be a threatening place.
If it was after the interview it would not be an issue but not during
We were looking forward to it...
When this happened, everything stopped.
But how successful are they?
Some were detained for several days.
It was no walk in the park....
Can you imagine a community that never had a doctor?
The atmosphere is quiet, although there are different feelings among the population.
Urgent from the Central jail
Note I said us because I am as guilty as well.
Global Voices Black Looks on Nigerian elections
They would do it with you, of course.
In this edition of the Global Voices podcast we talk all about language.
What must Obama do in order to gain these votes?
Maybe they already got them.
I doubt that it will be able to ban really dangerous sites.
The officials are covering for each other.
And this is being repeated again and again.
He argues that his project will deliver positive results
Secure from hearing the race.
The story of the voices that do not usually get covered by mainstream media.
And it is not only the young people who prefer the Internet over other forms of media
the single most important Ethiopian academic and intellectual of our time.
My husband tried to move and was shot too.
This has given rise to a debate
In the Caribbean, our love of Carnival gets us pretty close.
I started this subject very early on before this was happening.
New Research Kept in the dark
Why so much discussion on this?
Is there anyone else like me?
On winning YouTube short film contest  Global Voices Cambodia
THEY were at the square.
No need to show these comments.
There used to be a point in fighting over this.
The debate was not limited to social media users.
They are only found in two places
Who reads GV in Malagasy?
Surveillance, censorship and propaganda Activists and journalists are not the only groups targeted.
What were their concerns, hopes and projects?
each party in the coalition has candidates in this election as they did in the national elections.
A great man murdered for his ideas.
That sense of belonging to the magazine is very important.
You have to seek out the influential people online who already care about your issues.
The website was launched to mark the passing of the draft of the law in first reading
This programme MUST NOT die.
But then, why not, if the country has set that objective for itself?
Abortion exists, legal or illegal.
It could be, given that they are such different works.
So it may be hard to write a book without these details.
They pay to study in private universities.
I have always been and always will be a proud gay man.
He sets the scene as follows
The International Crisis Group reported that
And I found my focus
I cannot believe how time has passed so quickly.
I thought I was going to die.
should we pressure for intervention?
At least, they will not oppose the real identity registration for this account.
Thursday World Blog Roundup  Global Voices Southeast Asia
She began receiving threats on her phone.
Who told people to have confidence in the listed companies?
what we see, what the refugees say goes on at night.
Finally, you have to respect what children choose.
Others wondered about the role played by the mainstream media in this entire episode.
However, he has now served four years and three months.
Same old story, always blame the woman.
In fact, this is a very typical activity on Twitter.
Or, to wake up in the morning without knowing if anyone is concerned if you are dead or alive.
Social class and connections are also a factor.
For the moment, the traditional media are basically safe...
you never know exactly what will happen.
Personally I hope that will be true.
We give it to him.
as long as you like games.
He is not an ordinary guest.
Questions I cannot yet answer.
It appears that Vietnamese authorities have given up on totally blocking Facebook.
Are we prepared for them?
Too bad the guards must not have been watching it
What are your success stories?
Someone else that Americans will write in on the ballot?
If it was the local police, we would have known whom to approach and how to deal with this.
People came back home happy.
Said by the sitting Minister of Labour.
What will be the lessons we learn this time?
What does it all add up to??
She is an advocate for global human rights with a special focus on the Arab world.
Environmental groups, human rights advocates, and the political opposition condemned his death.
They had however never been sentenced to death.
And even then, it is hardly possible.
However he had to admit that Caribbean literature needs more readers.
Do you think that is a fair analysis?
do you have a problem with me?
Once something changes on that front, then I will believe that something is really happening.
What matters is not the truth, but our attitude towards truth.
governments, the private sector or civil society.
Is this not being rich?
Thanks for the new word
Would that we had someone like that.
But there are more civil ways to do this.
I used to play a lot of cricket.
The bloggers promised that protests will continue on Wednesday and throughout the week.
The question is as it is and so we just need to answer it.
But would you make any money?
A separate part of the site is dedicated to site users and their activities related to monitoring the representatives.
Read the first one here.
Image from Eyes on the Forest.
it can only develop itself.
The changes have left some bloggers struggling to keep up.
This is not the first time it has happened.
This draws an interesting debate.
He is not the first president of Zambia and he is not the last.
He had shared the photo on his Facebook page.
when did Israel become a friend?
In a normal democracy the police would be out of line.
Egyptians are Going Local  Global Voices Another campaign is in the works in Egypt.
Here is a blog dedicated to everything about the movie.
They have to put us all there.
The complete plan will be released next week.
The charges against the bloggers give a sense of what the Ethiopian government is fighting
Someone was getting off the bus at the next stop, so I got a chance to sit.
Has the President forgotten that when it comes to education, quality is important?
The regime cannot ALWAYS be wrong.
Is there an absolute good and evil?
The capital will remain in Beijing.
Prices are gone beyond believe.
They have become a concept making factory.
Economic conditions are still difficult for the Ghanaian media but it is no longer threatened by the authorities.
Being guilty is being guilty.
And there is always the Palestinian issue.
Will Cuban film be banned?
Not much more, but still....
How did this project come about?
Is this the end of an era?
People would not be able to buy lands
See full image in text.
Of course, there are always questions.
And then she calls for the real change
There are lots of things out there that make us united and equal.
The strike is now entering its second week and the discussions continue.
The comments on this planned day that this Facebook page came out with were not only found on Facebook.
It is believed that the disaster was deal to the corruption of local authority.
However, not everyone had the same thought.
The Police had the right to beat the protesters.
is the East African Union a joke?
A link to Global Voices.
What would Colombia be, what would we be, without our farmers.
They do not consider the sudden positive change.
If they like to play it, let them play.
How is it different from that in Western countries?
This was your speech which your deputy minister read.
What are your hopes for them?
Recently, another student march demanding free education took place.
It will be interesting to see.
His policies to Nigeria is very hard to understand.
He demanded the company to explain the case to the public openly.
Maybe they just need to know that they can blog.
Iran is a Democratic Dictatorship State as I name it.
So I began to find way to tell the story.
But what we are talking about here is completely different from all of the above.
Speak For Change writes in a blog post
The opposition claims victory and mass violations.
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action.
Hard to believe that it is possible, but such people do exist.
Therefore it is not certain how playing this card will go down...
What is the benefit for themselves?
Not unless they have to.
They ask for equal dignity in the eyes of the law.
You use the Internet as source and media for information and communication.
We want to hear your views
He was going to make it, he told himself.
We were part of his vision, and we failed.
The government has nothing to do with that.
The thing about a necessary product is that when price goes up, people buy more.
Also very limited access to clean water.
To which the government agency responded
Its her one month salary.
You have always denied such accusations, though your special access to state officials is well established.
For any reason they want.
What interests you the most about this growing field?
Only we can do that through our advocacy and movements.
Today, we shall talk about doing the human thing.
He is right, many journalists express their ideas with much freedom in their blogs.
And she wants us to pay closer attention.
What kind of society can be have without being able to freely dialogue with one another?
Does the Church pay local council tax?
I wish them the best in their new nation.
the freedom to determine what you can become.
Or perhaps it is the opposite
How does this affect the level of freedom of expression in the country?
Alexey Navalny at a campaign rally.
Is this starting to make sense?
He quotes the results of a study claiming that
A man took hold of the hand of the woman with whom he was walking and changed their direction.
The government is now seeking opinions from people concerning online media on this regulation.
We are not afraid of anyone except God.
On the other hand, political organizing can be very specific.
The official website of the organization does not mention the case.
His murder trial verdict is expected this week
Politics and Violence  Global Voices All Things Pakistan on politics in the country taking a violent turn.
Do you think many other women will follow your example?
The website reported that the protesters surrounded by the police sat down to keep on holding the peaceful rally
Global Voices Any lessons from Egypt for the next dictatorship to fall?
Global Voices Beyond the River provides a comprehensive update on the overall political and economic situation in Tajikistan.
She will indeed be missed.
But I experience the city in a different way.
The concept of sustainable development comes in hand here.
Alongside a small network of grassroots media activists, they are paying a heavy price as a result.
Operation Cast Lead feels like a walk in the park compared to this.
Peter would show them in an honest and fresh light
perhaps, a cartoon is worth just as much.
If Anonymous can, please help us expose and take down the corrupt.
The Global Voices South Asia team highlighted many of these issues throughout the year.
Sometimes there were cool movies, more or less honest news, cool music.
Justice seemed to have been done then.
Where did you read that?
My point here is that while governments are obviously extremely important, it is people that will make the change.
It is not something to be proud of.
As you can see above, there is no clear opinion, within the general public nor within the government.
It reflects what I was going through at that time in my life, particularly in my personal relationship.
what kind of message does that send?
Authors posted some photos from the protest and provided a brief history of these campaigns.
Being in the country at the villages is so much different than the city.
This project is run only by me.
But getting information into public hands is a public good.
Has your organisation been using social media to help its cause?
Happy and safe independence to all.
We hope you enjoy them
Justice still needs to be asked on behalf of the victims.
thousands of bloggers fighting the system.
They do not want to lose all they have for an unknown future.
No to blocked of Internet sites in Syria.
Perhaps we are waiting for the right time to react.
So now they suddenly own the copyright to this picture?
This law has the capacity to harm communities of every minority.
As far as the legal ruling goes, Active Voice notes that
Very long lines to get in.
Several deaths have been reported, especially amongst women and children.
What are you referring to when you say you love the shift from online presence to real life meetings?
It is a new generation youth website.
And they do it quite well.
Do you remember the greatest day of your career in the National Police?
That is why we must expand the use of these open tools in our society.
Why do we not question such a big gap?
The role of the Federal Government is to make it possible for this dialogue to happen within safe spaces.
Via Hong Kong Free Press.
Area will be mentioned later.
Let me start by saying, I only write about that which I care about.
One netizen called them out for their behavior
You need to get to higher ground.
We see that each of us has the right to have a life of respect in public.
They mind their own business.
I am at loss for words and I wish I could express how I feel right now.
She was a kind woman.
He got them to sound out.
Get the report Full report via the Transparency and Accountability Initiative Executive summary
These restrictions apply mainly to online news outlets, not individuals.
We experience life in a very different way.
And yesterday there were demonstrations in Sudan because of the rise of the prices.
We are now in London.
WHERE IS THE BLOODY TECHNOLOGY?
I have a lot more to learn.
They will stay in Mexico, but hoping for what?
Mr President, listen to me
For our right to information.
So my question is ...
Tell us about the city you live in.
There were no places to sleep.
My question, though, is why society is not doing it for the women missing across this country?
That was when I realized something was wrong so I tried to question it.
When that was broken up after the First World War, its name was changed once more.
This people need voice, at least.
Too me, I think the biggest is listening.
So how do you stop that?
This investigation is being conducted in camera, or in secret, so no further details have been released.
Sometimes, late at night, I can hear her voice.
This process can take several years and has no guarantee of success.
Do you think blogs can play a role to make a bridge between west and Iran?
This has led to the second wave of corruption, this time inside parliament.
Can Facebook do more to help?
Here are more reactions from Twitter.
So social media is going to be an accountability tool.
How might users find content they want?
What are they trying to prove?
This year we also saw some successful online campaigns on various social issues being launched in India.
The Role of Hashtags in a Country Searching for Peace  Global Voices In the image
Here again, the rules will matter...
Then, however, the prosecution against the blogger stopped.
Voting stations in streets were shut down.
He helped bring our Summer School to life.
And now for some politics.
Photo shared by International Day of Peace, Myanmar.
clean air, clean water, safe food and good transportation.
He was arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labour.
Surely there is one word to describe this situation
Music is one of them, and the digital music industry is on the rise.
News readers read some selected press articles and make personal comments for their radio and television broadcasting.
The results were reported by age
She was beaten by security forces...
We have shown what is possible.
How many minutes are there in an hour?
The Haitian Blogger wonders what has happened to this leading human rights activist.
The road to gender equality, thank you
Everything went wrong from there.
Screen shot from the second episode of Right to Housing series.
But they have not reported on the number of deaths.
No doubt they will do the same in Gaza.
He never created any suffering.
But the creative world is safe for now.
I get discussions going especially by posting my blog posts on facebook to share them with my colleagues.
According to them, they cannot have physical relations freely, but they exist and they try to be active.
Here is how she described her first experience in the hospital
We also need to understand which types of training they will get along with the general police training.
You can read the original text here.
Debates on social networks can influence government actions to a certain extent.
And there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together.
However, the institute did not have an internet connection.
I now know never to listen again
It is a vast and diverse suffering.
Well, actually, I was warned about it previously.
Twitter users in Uganda were also noting the lack of news coverage on the riots
We want youth from all over the world to see what life is like here.
And when I asked him why go there all alone he said so he could have peace of mind
In the opening game it was Mexico who played against the host, South Africa.
But it is not the same, not even close.
He explained how this service helps people who do not communicate in more widely spoken languages.
For example, we really miss the Caribbean Review of Books
The second part of their story follows.
Women drive and shop and work in government and private offices.
The same concept can also work for other projects.
We encourage bloggers around the world to translate this Declaration into different languages.
If you have any way to spread this further than blogs, please do that.
The Chinese Internet is vast and there are millions of opinions out there.
If these people were denied a voice  do they have a moral right to a voice??
And he is regularly reminded of the threats in Pakistan.
In the posts The Ethiopian Diaspora comes of age and Update
Language is not only a tool for communication.
According to This is Uganda
Do you know this kind of treatment is only considered stupid.
In the case of the September tragedy, the circumstances surrounding the event are still unclear.
Was it very different from what you had done before?
By the time this post is online, the number of victims could have increased.
The blog posts photographs and a brief account of the experience.
Sure, if we were all well off, none of us would have to work.
The view from the Cabinet is somewhat limited...
Two Sides of the Reality
Regulation on the Management of Internet Chat Group Service
But she keeps thinking about the first guys, and how happy she was with him.
She does not own the place and the event is public, not her private event.
Here is to hoping that it does not come to that.
the American people support your struggle for freedom.
God, I hope and pray we will win, I really do.
those of us who blog.
This incident would have taken place even if I had not shot it.
And still you claim that the people have rejected the election.
These are just a couple of videos.
I wonder how life can survive here.
Global Voices After the silence, the news is back on the radio.
There are reviews of the film all over the place on her blog and beyond, in big papers.
I really wish there was a way to stop these crazy guys.
He has no known involvement with the volunteer army, but has expressed approval of their activities.
If convicted these men and women are facing between one to five years in jail.
Protest in front of the United Nations, New York.
Limited Twitter commentary about it is here.
As the group explains on their Facebook page
It must feel nice when the state is taking care of you.
None can dispute the right of workers to go on strike and the farmers to support such an action.
Take a look at the interview below.
As I have written so far, television stations do not like the Internet.
What are your future action in this regard?
They are not happy at all.
If you have an idea for a case study, let us know
Numerous other bloggers participated in the strike.
Where the hell are we??
In Africa, bloggers are paying tribute to the King of Pop by posting pictures and music videos.
Happy Birthday, and may God bring us together.
The numbers are rapidly growing and the protest will continue throughout the day.
How does God want his people to be helped?
Clashes between police and demonstrators in Moscow, Russia.
Petition for reform according to the Constitution The Constitution of the People Republic of China.
This led to him closing his blog only to return in June of the same year.
The Citizen, a local newspaper, has identified several of the most concerning areas of the bill for Internet users.
Statistics from one of these online communities.
He will be truly missed.
There are three types to choose from
It focused on human rights.
I would suggest critical thinking and the scientific method be taught in school to improve the situation.
Please send this out to everyone you know and help get this out.
How does an American find out what the Russian language LiveJournal writers are saying about recent events in Belarus?
Later, he was captured again.
According to the International Solidarity Movement
So, I was looking to find another way.
He asked his mother as to the reasons why.
How and why did you find yourself in Cambodia?
All this, for an entire week.
Some Twitter users even started a hashtag
Then the next day, he goes on to talk about it himself.
On Facebook, a campaign was launched entitled How Much for the Blogger?
Both were placed at night.
I know where he is, right near here.
You will remember its taste for a long time.
They wanted to get back to their homes.
This initiative was so successful that it received extensive international media coverage.
Several Iranian bloggers inside Iran and out side country, have shared their feelings and fear about sanctions and war.
No country in the world can do it
The signs in the photograph below read
They try and use the system to get to other people on the site.
How can we help positive images make greater impact?
People are being arrested on the streets leading to down town and Tahrir Square
However, many could not accept the marriage.
Please check it out and we hope you give us your vote
They writers are in favor of those doing the damage.
This decision has drawn immediate criticism from net users.
The thing is, Putin is right.
For the one life that will soon pass.
and you can imagine what would be happen to a driver being alone and my son was alone.
To become someone who makes a difference every day of their life.
But if you had it, would you go and vote?
Historical existence is a created good.
I received a warm welcome ...
If it is the team that played Canada, I believe we could give anyone trouble.
Parents often say that they send them to work instead of going to school because they are poor.
For I know, I know that the Iraq you have known will never come back.
The earthquake was felt in most of Peru and in parts of Ecuador and Brazil.
My country is my country.
People are no longer discussing politics ...
First off is for me to see Ghana for the first time.
Here are some reactions of netizens.
There you have it, white on black.
Many refugees have died of hunger.
The income and the educational level are key factors in that change.
come home or your situation will be far worse.
Twitter and other social media reflected some anger with the law
someone going do it for you.
this is when the silence set in, dead silence, literally.
If you are not with us then you are against us
More on that here and here.
That is something that was thrown at me and I had to live with it.
I am standing for my kids and I am standing for their future, for my future.
Another version states that all registered families received the same treatment.
There are no allegations against me.
However, his location and condition remain unknown.
I want to read that story.
Do you deny this statement?
The rally had been organised via Facebook.
She asked me to go to her room and let me see a video on Youtube.
I must first welcome a new blogger.
This is not a regular military training camp.
Did you expect that they would go this far, even further?
Group discussions during the workshop.
So what is being done?
The incident has set an extremely bad example.
Some of the TOP tweets of this conversation include
I like to be in the middle.
We hope you enjoy it
He also observed the following challenge that needs to be addressed
So here is a question to the women reading this blog
How can this be bad leadership?
As project lead, I learned as much from the participants as I shared with them.
After hearing the same words over and over for several years, they lose their meaning.
He turns the party into a family business.
For each i, let Af.
Images used in this post are as follows
In the late afternoon, I was interviewed for US radio
See you soon  Haiti
all the lies passed down in history.
They will spend the morning together.
He was five years old.
The right to be forgotten is important because people change, their image on the internet should too.
The song talks about corruption and the need for greater transparency
I really love Bangladesh and its beauty.
No special measure for general comments and news.
Again, there is that comparison to China when he writes
Has there ever been an occasion when you thought the comments discussion was getting out of control?
Some South Asian bloggers have been discussing this issue.
He describes the event in a way that television never can
As in the rest of the Muslim world, the beginning of Ramadan is a happy event.
He got her dozens of them.
Where do they get weapons??
Of course the factor of head start made all the difference.
Although, I am frequently told I should watch it for the hot men.
Kuwaiti protesters calling for a new government, with a new Prime Minister He commented
But I can speak about mine.
And they even want state support for this.
The citizens of the state can see it for themselves
Something happened when she Congo Girl was blogging
Both countries are claiming the historic site.
History stands as evidence here.
Human Rights Activists Agency reports that
At least, that is what the doctors are saying.
I think a serious debate is required on this issue as this has not happened for the first time.
Many have also expressed their support on Twitter
We all lived with each other.
It led to the situation getting worse, not better.
And the US is against censorship in any form.
The did all they could.
Young men and women have basic emotional and physical needs.
And in reality, once you turn that camera on you realize you have no idea what you are doing.
Held over a request to meet detainees?
More respect, study, progress and investigation
Everything appears to point to the fact that this is not enough.
When it comes to sex, we have a long way to go.
In major countries, this is not the case.
Floods  Global Voices Sri Lanka is hit by water yet again.
Side with the people fast.
Tens of thousands of messages posted within hours, over half of them include links to websites.
Special Topic Award Education and Culture
More about hosting and future plans
Do not argue with me now
There was violence and some were hurt.
This provides a sense of what the Ethiopian government is fighting
North Korea Tech has more details.
People live in this building, many of them.
No need to get so worked up.
Beaten for two hours by police officers, she decided to tell all to online sites, showing her wounded body.
Topics that interest all of us are politics and pop culture.
A Failed Police Service and A Failed Immigration Department
He has covered Latin America for various media outlets, including Al Jazeera English, the Guardian and the BBC.
What is taking so long to confirm his death?
But I knew only about half the people in my small class.
We should make political reform our first and main demand.
No more award and prize
Who is going on this trip?
There were many children among them.
Words left by the protesting students
This nation is a democracy only in name.
There is nothing to get by with.
The Congolese army has totally given up
They can only go by feeling right now.
Many times in life, people have to make a choice
The audience was a mixed one
He had recently become a father himself.
Do you know how to use weapons?
I trust them and I trust Bahrain.
There have been a number of sound plans proposed.
The club explains on its website
The army allows only his wife and mother to visit him, and in the morning only.
when her husband saw this, he also became angry and hit the boy.
Everybody knows who these things belong to.
Spain has already passed such a law, leading Google to shut down its news service in the country.
A new South African blog has recently come on the scene.
My father decided to continue working, and keep the store alive.
We have lost a vital voice in our national conversation.
I posted on my blog only links to photos that already exist online.
We forget our promises soon
This may be the reason so many women and girls are blogging.
Band members confirmed what had happened.
The Red Cross highlights the risks facing the civilian population.
They told me to leave my farm because they were going to work on it.
This was because many were trained outside Jamaica.
In is she Chinese or Japanese??
Tell me more about the experience of being East Indian and female in Guyana.
Our new President has given new meaning, and strength to the concept of community organizing.
Global Voices Global Voices seeks a Finance and Administration Manager to support our operations on a daily basis.
He or she is not a judge.
We wrote about the lack of transparency surrounding the creation of this law earlier this year on Global Voices.
There are those who position themselves to support the powerful.
Too easy, its not going to end just like that.
Her death should mark a turning point for our nation
But it also presents new challenges, as the artists indicate.
Indeed, this made me feel strongly how much the people in the Refugee Camp are still in real pain.
Two ways to create your own world.
The voting has begun for The Best of Moroccan Blog Awards.
Most of the blocked websites are related to freedom of expression, human rights and political opposition.
Both meetings promoted by the parties and private ones.
How should his actions be described?
The event, however, is not worth a second of attention.
If we contrast with Soviet times, the enemy was always outside.
That would again be a Land of Hopes.
However, many consider this latest development as more serious than those before it.
the key question being how to avoid it.
Our justice system depends on the executive, so my professional lawyer could do almost nothing.
Global Voices No more rape.
But why is it man with a man?
It is, after all, their history and their revolution.
But it was a cause you were willing to win, at costs that no one could expect.
Well, she had not come back to Great Island to be understood, praised or condemned.
Two television journalists compared notes
you should have something to do with getting them out.
This is not over yet.
you will lead politics for the nation?
They asked us not to leave our seats unless we are doctors.
It is our responsibility to make sure that is not the only choice.
According to experts, the product will continue to kill for a long time to come.
Because so few people used their real names in the Internet they became easy targets for criticism.
After all, where is my safety?
But, despite all this bad news, the president gets emotional from nuclear development.
and you come to me, to help me.
The blog says even some get beaten up by security forces.
There are, however, always signs of hope
Part two is best described by...
The authorities are very afraid that opposition leaders will join with the local protests.
One day I will write about all of this but not now, the time is not right yet.
Our hard earned money at work.
One of the victims was a friend.
Every village shares this plight.
Chinese Food  Global Voices Do Arabs like Chinese food?
First I had to learn how to use the Internet.
Has anyone heard of them before?
I sat on these words until recently.
We have to carry on.
You should never go to Rio if you...
In a letter sent from prison, he wrote
It is very popular to consider social networks as a platform that can contribute to development of political activism.
If we die, we die one day.
And the death rate is also high
Bloody violence to secure who will rule this land.
they failed after being blocked by security guards.
It is time to gather together to defend our institution and the principles of academic freedom.
He also reviews the comments.
He wrote this  Venezuela
A large amount of cash was found on her.
So, if youth is speaking for a cause, they have the ability to bring change.
Could the authorities have taken all this into account?
My Lost in Translation in Central Asia
What sad news, rest in peace.
Is it a world used to justify marriage and maintain the marriage system in society?
Would you agree with that?
How difficult it is to assume responsibility and work.
Despite restrictions on local radio and television, the video is still accessible on YouTube.
Then do you know what he did?
So I decided to come back and find another narrative.
PR said  Everything he says is true.
We need to do a lot to provide water.
It is of an individual race to earn the best tool for public display in election campaigns.
But it was fun Israel
The government should always be setting the agenda, not the opposition.
THEY were just having a day off.
There was media coverage in the area.
Once again, thanks to all the bloggers who supported this campaign.
But the reaction surprised him
Tension gave way to relief.
First Freedom March in So Paulo.
The change is really significant.
On Twitter, he says he was threatened for sharing the incident he has witnessed.
From Coup Four Point Five
In one the major user base is young men.
forcing them into management can only create trouble.
You can start a business.
Based on news reports, he was quoted to have said the following
And I could make money doing it.
No one can stop me.
Mobile phone shop in Mumbai.
When they feel to beat their wife they do it immediately.
They have got a price and consequences of their way of life.
To this claim, I would like to respond that not all women have someone who supports them.
Is it an attempt of Russian authorities to influence public opinion on the blogosphere?
are not unknown even in early morning classes.
Book exhibition  Global Voices Many bloggers in Hong Kong blog about book exhibition.
God has already set the day when you will be in His hands.
Because the core power structure has not changed
the majority will support you if the issue is peaceful.
After the summit, everything will be like always...
Defend your land for your children.
bloggers across the region will be talking about it.
Help me test if the websites on this list are accessible where you are located.
However, not all immigrants experience the return to Europe in the same way
However the solution is not so simple.
People have to look for jobs in other countries because we have not created conditions for them.
Sure he did his very best.
At least three people were killed.
We pray that today is a turning point for Nigeria.
What clothes can I buy?
The photo was used by permission from the photographer.
The whole town is under water, except for the Church.
People of Trinidad and Tobago read the signs.
Instead, it is a way to directly oppose negative images of Arabs and Muslims.
We have no evidence that people tweeted each other to organize a demonstration.
Do we think our work is done?
I had never heard about Global Voices before, but I found it very interesting.
He will be under police surveillance throughout this period.
They are putting our World Cup plans at risk
It is a threat to Russian government.
They want us to hate.
Is the it worried it could hurt foreign military sales to Uganda?
What are we hoping for?
However, they do not have the appropriate facilities and means to achieve this.
Do you have a thought to leave us with?
What are the safety steps that you need to take in order to remain safe and keep on blogging?
After this, the collective was born.
They are looking for politics, suspect pressure from the Georgian side.
The US sanctions none off these countries.
We love peace but we are always ready for war.
We need the number of people involved to grow first.
There was no need to make use of force.
A thing is only equal to itself.
Schools were suspended for three days.
After all, I do not trust the government.
Macedonia, and the ethnic group
Fire . What do the young people have to do with it?
It will make us stronger.
More information is available here.
Not everyone was happy with her return or her performance, however.
How do you choose your projects?
I remember I read almost three thousand blog posts in a month.
For the sound was inside the room.
it was not my first time to contest.
But not everybody is ready to talk.
What is the percent of women?
What can be done be done about this?
But as far as we know, everything seems to have gone off well.
All of you are protesters against all injustice.
See some of our past coverage of Amazon communities on the special coverage page
What topics are you most interested in, how do you choose what to write about?
The blogger at The End describes the politics behind such protests
And unusual things gather attention.
This is what we learn.
For the families of the missing students, the search goes on.
Is that not enough for these men?
Press freedom brings benefit for the country and the region.
Will Internet users face pressure, as well?
I did not find much, so I decided it was time to create what I wanted.
Others point out that there is no place for either in modern society.
These are the subjects we have to talk about.
Would he be safe in a country where gay men had rights.
More updates will be posted later.
Perhaps this new style of writing could help us react more quickly to events.
A recent large national march has also brought attention to the issue.
Beginning this Saturday , we plan to hold street protests regularly, every week or every other week.
He is the author of the new book Life is Good
I guess we are no longer Kenyans.
That way, they avoid problems with the police.
Participants did not understand how much work this would be.
Their general purpose is in the name
Did they receive their sentence as well?
Read some interesting books, and do some other activities.
On the Internet, worried voices wondered
The Court was allegedly informed that he moved out...
If there was only one member, that one person would continue the event.
What are we about to live?
He hopes the government could be there.
Like protesters across the region, they too, staged rallies and demonstrations to draw attention to their condition.
It is extremely interesting how much people identify with her.
Where does the Caribbean fit in this context?
The Police will review and address this issue.
May the dead rest in peace.
The last step in the most important and crucial step in building the Iraqi future.
Really, this is very bad.
Something unprecedented, we barely knew this guy.
I would just like to say this openly
However, not everyone agreed with the campaign
He was dead before he hit the ground.
The result is that they end up having a wrong idea about a critical situation.
A trial would not fail to mention the role of the French state.
I felt they were targeting my identity, not targeting me personally.
I remember myself years ago..
Who else do we expect to do our work for us?
Several bloggers tweeted the last sentence of this article
this can be a starting point for communication and understanding.
How do people celebrate this special day?
dark days are ahead of us...
The rescue operations are still on the go.
below are three of them
After more than a year, we are left wondering which effective plan of action should now be adopted.
and that concerns the spirit of the matter.
Why does the story affect us??
Where the hell could he have gone??
People can only cast their votes online.
I know that one can live in fear only for so long.
We need to reflect on these matters and find a way forward.
Do they represent the majority of popular thought in Turkey?
Brazil, the most popular team for Lebanese, had already lost when this was done.
The torture videos and sexual harassment incidents certainly reached far and affected a lot.
The activists are using this Facebook group to organize.
One could expect more attacks against Kurdish websites in the future.
Turns out that I fit the description entirely.
This is the idea that I try to live with and use as an excuse
You cannot force people to do anything.
to those who believe in his name
Plus, there were another two factors
Why would she hand over to an unknown woman?????
We believe in the power of direct connection and the freedom to connect.
Please form yourself into a group.
We were brought up like that ...
He is accused by the government of involvement in large scale financial fraud.
In short, so that you understand the situation
We did not close our eyes, though we were so tired.
Has he given up anything to release you?
Netizens have reflected about the day on Ethiopian blogs and Facebook.
The following was posted on their Facebook page
And as you rise so will we all.
You want to sit down.
I never said that the questions will be about the blog posts I highlighted.
This is our great loss.
This is your first post.
I have a dream today.
However, the move has been met with opposition from different parties.
I long to live in a society of FREEDOM and TRUTH.
And he related the stories of others who died in a similar way.
See this entry, for example.
The blog says that it is therefore not surprised by protests staged abroad against the deal.
This is all this week.
Her other work is also mentioned on her Wikipedia page
They have more access to new technologies, better health care and resources.
What has the German government done so far?
How are you going to link the ideas?
trust crisis, we need to reflect
The nation Malaysia declared this incident a national tragedy.
What is an African platform?
Needs to have a director who can handle a big production.
For a while he was content to let events develop in their good time.
To set up a system is your job
And do they assume that if they arrest the journalists we will believe their official version?
I made friends from Syria with whom I connected both on a personal and political level.
The Venezuelan hell that they want for Mexico
The project also uses Twitter to share its work and activities
the top ten was as followed
May you have the force, people of good
Everyone is trying to escape from it as quickly as possible.
If you have any thoughts feel free to post them in the comments section of this post.
The news resulted in immediate and massive street protests from the opposition.
But with her hand poem again.
Do you have plans to return to Uganda?
democracy might be another century away.
More reactions have also been shared on Twitter, the citizen media platform of choice for most Venezuelan netizens.
the other, is how to finance the transition.
and you must read to the end to learn about the way Iraqis celebrate a wedding.
There is no better example than Cuba.
Several deaths have been reported.
Those who know me know this about me.
I tell myself again, the violence is here.
Repression of both traditional and online media coverage of the protests has been widespread.
This shows an increased awareness and involvement by citizens in governance issues in South Asia.
The internet is the new form of virtual democracy.
This photo is from before that period.
Should detention of journalists worry bloggers?
I like it when people choose a creative approach.
Somewhere in all this there is a reality TV show waiting to happen.
We called our friends who study there.
I was also though raised in a time when there was never this level of violence.
It has been four years since the earthquake.
He used to claim that many times.
Under one of the Weibo posts on the poll, people continued to discuss the topic.
Here are a few posts from her selection
What If There Was Internet?
Others were a reaction to the political situation in the country.
Tell us about your city and your country.
Campaign advertising is also banned on Polling Day itself.
I kept that piece of paper for a long time, and then destroyed it when I became powerful enough.
We will continue to demand a society where we can live in security.
In addition to this, he accused the newspaper of not calling for more critical reporting in its articles
They give power to the corrupt and dangerous in society.
They talk to each other for a while
The real GOD the all knowing is in control.
The interviews are in Spanish, and the music is, well, universal.
Something new In fact, the problem is worse than ever.
Thanks to all for the support and effort, now all that remains is....
You are a service and not a force.
Could they have done any better to support the local police?
Or there could be worse.
Social media users from the region also reacted to the scandal.
This is what he got.
We must not be silent.
Nigerians celebrated this unprecedented success across the country and the diaspora.
Keep out of my space
Friends, we really need for lots and lots of people to come to the rally.
It is just for an hour.
It was mostly the women who did, because they knew what clothes to take and where to find it.
He felt that the only way to send a message to the government was to take to the streets
They did not eat but drink.
How did that relationship with Puerto Rican political prisoners develop?
In fact, there are probably more pictures than words.
It urged the government instead to practice greater transparency.
These funds will become part of the operating budget of the independent institution.
The organization also has its own Twitter account here.
And what about the power plant?
This Twitter user tells his followers
Or as a political show.
Ending your life or the lives of others whom you were supposed to protect?
Some of these conversations are translated below.
The journey to claim their rights and dignity is a long one.
I want to exercise my rights and have found an place that will allow me to do just that
so much is going on.
We hope you have as much fun with this thing as we do
Now, Wikipedia is not a Zambian online publication.
Netizens In Action Helping Flood Victims  Global Voices Pakistan Flood Map.
I got to work late.
To some limit, this is true, but did we think in the content of other languages?
It will end the same way as with the Russian language.
The most famous trial in Iraq is The Court of People.
Can you explain further the advocacy of your group which Obama recognized?
says I was in the computer shop when the earthquake happened.
It was interesting and a lot of fun.
But she could not find any reference to the interview on the Internet.
Till today I still wonder how and where exactly my father was killed.
The blogger thinks Iranian society will experience a sexual revolution in a few years.
Not everything on the web has to work like Google or Facebook.
I love the blogging scene in Uganda.
Science blogging is by no means a new phenomenon.
This is a true story.
I can not stand it.
These men, women, and children have fled poverty and war.
There is a rapidly growing demand for this material, primarily from the military.
Does the US care about Africa this much?
Why would they want to do that?
They write what they like they do not write what are right and what is happening.
these two are built for each other.
That means a different set of demands in terms of developing the outlet.
Was it a long time ago?
She announced that in a tweet late last night, after being prevented from traveling to Turkey.
Whether or not you agree with him, there is no question of where he stands on any issue.
It is just the beginning.
They were ordinary people demanding a very basic right.
The main message of the poster?
But also to remind others that back then people around the country wanted peace.
It is still unclear whether the land deal has actually been signed by both parties.
In September, they decided to join the tens of thousands of refugees heading toward Western Europe.
Some, however, defended the practice
Helping these small businesses means that you would be helping families of people.
They are running away from home, because they know they need to save their lives.
all cities and towns of Belarus, abroad.
Wonder what the laws are here for such things?
Continue to fight for Good.
He asked them to leave.
Long live the national will, long live the national corruption.
Alexander also had questions for the Minister of Justice
If we can contribute towards a better world, why not?
We are far from our family, friends and without means of communication.
They did not find much to report on.
Nor is the killing of police officers.
The Bill will surely be a political capital to some
Is it possible to hope for justice?
The association issued the following statement
It was not appropriate and it gave a totally wrong mental image about the campaign.
Those that count published the following
Taken with permission from Instagram.
Your photo can save our home.
Censorship or return to proper English values?
Later Further Thoughts reported the result
Check out the links above and vote for Best Ugandan Blog here.
Talked with my daughter today, she said this
I was so tired on that day.
They will sit when he tells them to sit and stand when he wants them to rise.
They take me back to the cell.
You can never be seen as a human, as just a person, as just an artist.
But we like to eat them and pay for them
But this is an opportunity to move in legal action in UK courts.
Soon however, the festival staff began to express concern that the film could be censored.
Other important figures have also expressed that they consider this reform necessary.
Poor people spent much more income than we ever thought they would.
Its good being emotional, but we should not let the reason get out of our way.
I had it in mind..
All of the campaigning has been peaceful and secure.
Has it reached a dangerous level?
Below are some of the posts written by the participants
Organizers urged in their assembly statement
The solution should be political.
Street signs are in Arabic and French, government websites often include English.
Screenshot from the video of the campaign.
Everything happens in Mexico City.
And selling sex does not mean you give up all claims to be treated with dignity.
It was definitely one of the most beautiful times of my life.
about half a dozen participants ended up getting detained by the police.
Either way, whether the law was followed or not, the outcome is not sound.
It is simply impossible to believe this.
Do you think you can have support and recognition from other countries or international organisations?
The report was released yesterday
Press and Media have taken a massive hit under this government in multiple ways.
On Friday, Breaking the Silence
he does have a place to go.
The international response has also been critical
Now he himself has become the target.
He ends on a positive note
Now, faced with this tragedy, what can we expect for those responsible?
I was scared and started to escape.
Very few people would accept that I have a right to express my opinion on any matter especially politics.
The blogs included on this coverage are
I am disappointed with the structure of this response.
Many reminded the government about the overall positive impact of Facebook in society.
Having been previously passed in the Senate, the Bill can now move towards becoming law.
Is the movement to defend democracy itself democratic?
Can you explain your new media background and how you use this to represent your ideas?
The hospital played an important role in the city, providing free medical care for anyone in need.
Read more about the partnership between Global Voices and Demotix.
He is a police officer from Southern District.
Looking for some summer reading?
So this leaves the question, is this an important debate or not?
Everything was new and I felt weak.
Why the need to change it?
i cannot describe in words to you the extent of its terror...
one month already passed from the holiday...
Over the last four years, Egypt has witnessed a series of regime changes.
If there was no hope from local media, maybe international ones would react.
And do they all blog in English?
It was a strange experience..
Another practice to save money.
He has since been released.
In fact, most dogs belong to someone.
Independence from Spain to Do What?
With more clear words they used to say
This may be something good or it may not be.
Ignore Me If You Can put it thus
In addition to this, you are the only investigative journalist in the country who has a Facebook fan page.
He needs this to be able to vote in the constitution referendum and the next general and presidential elections.
This is what Iraqis get on the last day of Eid
How can we not be a registered society or an NGO?
For two or three months, I had to find money to make ends meet.
The official Saudi News Agency reported
So how did bloggers react to his sentence?
Few days ago, the mosque next door came under attack.
Teachers said they cannot send students back home while those children try very hard to come to class.
Obviously, I like it here.
The strategy has been successful
She had heard about it the night before at her hotel.
Which means this red song concert had to have been approved by the government.
But the government needs to step up.
Was it seen as a positive development?
However, in another post, Global Voices Online reported that the reaction in the Armenian blogosphere was divided.
Tweeting a question to the MP in question, it turned out that the report was false.
The beating was recorded by a TV news camera.
This is the third part of the series.
Everyone has the right to be considered innocent until they are found guilty by a proper court of law.
This was how I celebrated Eid more than a decade ago.
The final session after a short break was a session entitled
why do people lose more freedom after a revolution that is meant to gain more freedom?
And, of course, there were the political tweets
For many it is back to square one
For example some have raised the question
However, news coming out of that same region indicate that things are not working as they should.
Beauty beyond culture A message from an Iranian lady says
But, as it turns out, many of us do not want to go.
It looks like only the elections would calm things down.
Perhaps because he put on music that had no words.
used under a CC license.
The problem is the implementation of the laws.
This is just a question.
It was a great scene
Some of us will see to it that it does.
And, by the way, everything in the country is under control.
What inspired you to work on the project?
A good initial impression would be important now.
tells the story in pictures.
Therefore, the right law must be in place.
I do not know what it is like to spend so many days in an Ethiopian prison.
There can be different situations.
Several bloggers have already shared their election day feelings, experiences, concerns and hopes.
Twitter was also in on the action from very early on.
Values, also on the field
The photo blog posts photographs and an account.
A future with a dream.
A report on threats upon members of the media in Madagascar has already been published by Reporters Without Borders.
Yet even after his resignation, the protests continued.
I guess obama won the nobel peace prize for great campaigning
The province is home to a large refugee population.
Most of them flag issues regarding governmental accountability.
Bad air days are increasing.
This Global Voices author participated and took photographs.
An image that gives you back some hope.
She decided to risk it.
Maybe their children will be a lot better off for it, and certainly the country will be.
In principle, the war has ended...
Now, Russia wants to close two more offices, leaving only one in Moscow.
At any rate, our leaders will never reach his level
Each new year brings new challenges in this battle to keep the press free.
They needed a higher education or a service record of three years.
We shall head to streets on Friday.
The newspaper has received wide recognition in the community.
They know what we are talking about.
Gaza is going to survive this.
Thank you for being the first to teach me that I can do whatever I want to do.
However, in the next visit that the researcher made to the medium, he did not receive a personal reading.
However, according to her, she feels lucky, because there is no hatred in her family against any group.
Following are two posts from Twitter
We do not know if he has been released or remains detained.
To vote, even in the most difficult conditions.
In this post he says
Does open data have economic value beyond the benefits of transparency and accountability?
Homeless in San Francisco, USA.
We also collect information for organizations
What Keeps The Terrorists Going?
The countries whose Heads of State came were
People gather at the house where the dead bodies of five people were found.
Who or what is this fine for?
And to think that the concept of borders is for me totally virtual...
I just hope the world is behind us, because if we fail its your turn next.
Whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being, that was my favorite study.
My dear ones, are you serious?
And every day, every day I remember this.
Without planning to be one, he is a leader in his own way.
They did not speak and stayed for an hour.
Makes more sense than you might think.
As Global Voices reported back then
Time to move on, guys...
The regional newspaper El Debate reported on the initiative
So who point of view do you agree with more?
Things seem to be looking very good for him so far.
And talk shows and newspapers keep us thinking about our crime rate.
in the streets, on the radio, on television and in Blogs.
What can we do to encourage the journalism industry to hold itself to higher values?
I invite my blogging friends to include African languages in their blogging activity.
one of his first posts is on two Ukrainian women politicians
Thank you all for moral support.
Video of Directed Voting  Global Voices Serbia
He takes a look at the recent protest by Palestinian school children
But like every other interesting experience, it is a very difficult one.
Bloggers wrote a lot about the issue.
Since then nothing has happened to save the life of Pope.
What responses are you receiving?
They will lead their investigations freely.
At the end of the day, it all comes down to earth, the birth place of everything.
We have still not been told the reasons for the declaration of the state of emergency.
Both the United States and the European Union have expressed concern on the Five.
That has been the case for decades.
But there is always another document that is leaked and ends up being published.
The majority have never even visited Haiti, nor have family there.
The blogger, however, also notes the effect the case has had on many young people in Azerbaijan.
The blogger concludes by sharing a story about how she contributed to greater understanding
The Mubarak regime wants him in jail by all possible ways.
In addition, I write an honest review as I could, whether I was invited or not.
Neighbors and relatives are demanding justice for the death of three innocent people caused by this failed police operation.
What other blogs about Latin American literature do you follow?
Supporters of the government and the opposition announced protests in front of the Parliament at the same time.
He was already wanted by the regime for his activism.
Around the world, newspapers and television stations echoed one another
This does not have the legal status required to declare a state of emergency as provided in the Constitution.
A post about the project reached the top of Livejournal.
English and IT Information and Technology teachers might lose their job.
It probably goes beyond that.
I imagine some days are worse than others.
On the Facebook event page
Is it really as bad as that?
Investigate first and then arrest
I understand there are concerns about a divided army.
Such memories remind me of why I left the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.
My children are always asking for their father.
Come on, go get a life.
To Brazil, all I have to say is
Whenever you do anything, there will be those who hate you for it.
I think there are two reasons for that.
not in the government but in themselves and the future.
His wife was also a political prisoner.
You have to be honest.
They went really deep and created very good work.
It is an information blog in that sense.
Say that we must remember and do something about it.
First, the issue of providing clean water
Until that time, here is a bit from their opening post
We must not just vote
only when join the EU, which is near is not it?
Each blogger is unique and his work takes the direction that the blogger wants.
Seriously, now, why are you doing this?
And we absolutely cannot have that
No street revolution could beat that.
There should be more blogs on other topics, such as political and social issues, religion, and entertainment.
Other land deals are still supposedly in the work in Madagascar.
Can someone volunteer his time to teach him please?
The campaign works as follows
Context is of extreme importance.
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers.
Because their main concerns are different.
Did she cross a line?
There is always a possibility of your children getting involved, face it
We had lots of topics
Problems everywhere are the same.
Other things began to work much better.
How long will you be there for and what do you want to do?
The story generated strong reactions against her
See below for updates by region.
Indians can send in reports to Vote Report India in four ways
Thanks for being a part of it.
Yet the work must continue.
It seems that her participation in the online campaigns got her noticed by state authorities monitoring social networks.
no updates this year yet.
We will not be afraid.
As a result, they are stuck in Beijing, with no money and no home.
Here, the people who help are those who can.
That is, where are you from?
Global Voices Children are the future, right?
Or to make a change in foreign policy???
He ends with a message to the Russian Ambassador
That seems like an answer to me.
we all came to the conclusion that the best Iraqi flag is this
What do you think of the recent Moroccan elections?
What a beautiful way to connect people.
And at the rate things are going, it will never be...
He then ends his speech with a threat
If it was only he...
Many Sudanese are happy about the fact that China has such close relations with Sudan.
They were going to town, and they were both excited.
Thank u all for support.
a sign of the past.
But it also depends on the free and open exchange of ideas.
Regularly it happens that after the break two or three people are suddenly missing at the line.
This is a call to the whole world.
They wanted to divide Bosnia.
What about privacy and user rights?
he is happy that the movie will reach a foreign audience through the Internet.
Who is Responsible for the Gaza Crisis?
And obviously, blogs also take part in the debate.
Ethiopian Muslims protesting early this year during the Africa Cup of Nations in South Africa.
The Serbian Orthodox Church, Macedonian Orthodox Church as well as the Islamic religious community supported this petition.
The movie itself asks a question at the end
the search for answers and the collective fight for justice.
Health and economic trends are two different issues and World bank is not WHO
But after spending his whole life in Kazakhstan, his father has mixed feelings about leaving.
The question is whether those who wish to share such information will be able to do so.
Rather than any other issues, North Korean issues were the major topic.
However, many do not see that much will change without other actions by civil society.
On the day of the first run of the second stage.
But whether she can make it into the top ten or not we are already a winner.
There were about nine of these letters in total.
First, it was published on Facebook, then the Fan Page was created.
Why is he doing it?
So why are most muslims the opposite?
Bloggers around the region have responded to the news.
They do not feel safe in Russia.
Her family knew from the beginning, and so did mine.
How can you make the voices from the regions heard?
He calls us and you can hear by his voice that the pressure is growing.
Is Puerto Rico the Greece of the Caribbean?
This concern also led to a recent protest march that attracted thousands.
By saying it twice it was like feeling more the color.
What a difference a day makes.
They also created a tool to monitor media and its role in politics.
According to government reports, eight people were killed in the clashes.
But I was very scared.
They think we go to a proper ground to play.
So why are we in Afghanistan?
It was the symbol of the city and of the cultural heritage of this Caribbean nation.
We want to return our country as Georgian citizens and to live in our lands from now on.
We should write about everything.
Do you think police will come for rescue?
Which show are these guys watching?
I admit I am worried for them.
We in Jordan are with them all the way.
Signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities, and others are on the way.
Some political forces called for a rally today in solidarity with Gaza.
Let Language Be Free  Global Voices This post is part of our special coverage Languages and the Internet.
If u love someone, let go.
Internet news information providers should not provide service to users who have not provided real identity information.
How do you see this?
Some of the matters we are more peaceful at are, tied
Some took the opportunity to criticize the government
Many are saying that they are happy to share just one seat.
Peruvian journalist is awarded prize by UN.
A future blog developing out of this blog
They also have a special section dedicated to the elections where they share photos, tweets and more.
The proposed tax on social media use is a military road block.
Used under a content sharing agreement.
There is discrimination in the West.
But then, there was this
The Good and the Bad  Global Voices The good and the bad
Below is a full translation of her blog post.
Or is this a shift?
In a chat room that he created, he wrote
We journalists are responsible to inform people and transfer news but we cannot do it.
I can go on and on.
That makes me ask the question which was in my mind for a long time, Is India really free?
Somehow, Africans have trouble reading books about themselves.
THERE IS NOTHING WRONG IN THAT.
I for one am turning the sound off.
Do you think China has changed after over a century?
In all this time, Trump never said a bad word about Putin or his regime in Russia.
Let us admit that the press needs to be censored.
We do this in two ways.
But Pakistan did not keep its word.
There is still so much to do.
After two more days, I finally found a boat.
He has been in Burkina four years now.
A Google group is an institute of civic society.
We hope you enjoyed this edition of the podcast.
I choose who I friend and what I like on Facebook, and I choose who I follow on Twitter.
Why do I want to travel?
I considered myself lucky for living in a community that was very understanding.
What an example Mr. President.
Give Books to help the education of Syrian children through Just Giving website
The workers themselves have posted photos of themselves urging public support for their fight.
How easy or difficult it is for a young woman from an Arab Gulf background to become an activist?
Sites are blocked and the net is so slow it brings a heart attack.
The third areas are completely under regime control.
Because really, how do you kill a cartoon?
But those are most often people who never read and who think even less.
Protesting in its various forms  Global Voices United We Blog
I forced confidence into myself.
Activists have set up a Facebook page entitled
The rise is due to the record prices oil has reached worldwide.
He will continue to lie and lie and lie some more without any shame.
Every Puerto Rican in the island and abroad has been united.
To him, Central Asia is the land of opportunity.
Francisco says the opposition needs to focus on the recent increase in crime.
Like mine, I remind myself.
Those men prepared for a war, attacked the security forces and they responded.
Terrorist group in Bangladesh yesterday killed two judges...
The case is totally different from Iraq.
I think they were slowly getting in love while we were getting closer to Belgrade.
The situation is just as crazy in the Ukrainian Armed Forces.
She asked me about the Jews of Ethiopia and I was shocked that she even knew to ask.
By writing this letter you showed whole world what our revolution is about.
On the other hand, schools in urban areas have their problems too.
So what if I am?
It makes people reflect on the national disaster and helps us better understand today.
No explanation was given, no one knows his current health condition.
Just ten years ago we all learned about the world around us from newspapers, the television, and radio.
I think the left has already decided.
King and the Money  Global Voices United We Blog
To know that a fair and just Malaysia can truly exist.
I do not know when...
he has been detained in Russia for entering the country without an entry visa.
I was shocked at hearing about his arrest.
the price of a product in Greece would influence its price worldwide.
However, with the assistance of the blog World Wide Help, the number has been confirmed.
And it shows a lack of respect for our target.
Victor and I live half a world apart, and are always in contact via email and phone.
The father was taken to court the next day.
West Africa comes up short
We talked about the main issues of the day.
So, it seems that most of the Egyptians were against him.
If I and my family were the only one suffering, I might just let it be.
It has been one month since the latest round of repression against government critics in Ethiopia began.
We need to bring people back to a love and respect for nature.
I am happy to see that many bloggers have published posts and updated their blogs today.
Soon, we will continue our journey.
Providing them a feeling of safety
In both cases, the damage and number of victims were significant.
Here are some relevant Tweets
the second in two months.
Haiti has a kind of beauty that needs particular vision.
What is most read post so far?
How many new friends have you made so far?
He wrote down the process on Facebook
The answer is no, knowing that I already have one
And on TV they are being told to attack other peoples.
If we do not take this literally, then why are these stories important?
To all those who feel the same, share this message and help it reach the Iranian people.
On their Facebook page, they wrote
On the other hand, some people also think
Here is the latest statement from the BBC
In an earlier post, the same blog asks who is to blame for the situation in the country.
One year later there is still much work to be done for peace and justice in the region.
He must be a million years old.
They are running after their national security.
But his response left us with more questions than answers.
Only government initiative is not enough to protect women from different types of violence.
Currently I have two Facebook accounts
But will this former judge become a true leader of the nation?
However, local responses of the movie have been rather negative.
U will always be in my heart..
I had prepared myself to hear bad news, as I had been watching the television coverage of the earthquake.
That is in terms of protection of my information.
Am I at risk of something because of it?
This is just the plan proposed by the central government.
The end result for every citizen is to serve this beautiful nation and this is how it should be.
What do you get out of it?
When you go home from work, you have no idea whether there will be electricity at home.
There is nothing new that the deal is being prepared since the middle of last year.
Still, who will the voters choose from in the upcoming elections at the end of the year?
Everyone takes care of each other.
Photo posted on Art and Freedom Facebook Page.
These are things that come from home or somewhere else you belong.
Their time came and went.
How will the list deal with different crimes in different States?
Private Deal Against Basic Law?
Some netizens have different opinions.
Thank you for your cooperation.
We are proof of this.
Kurdish reaction was fairly slow to develop.
But beyond all this talk, we need to
The questions about when this issue started coming up.
There are more pictures on this site as well as on numerous other Lebanese blogs.
There is another, more difficult kind to deal with
Who have been your main readers?
How about public places that we ordinary people go?
A new day, This is our theme.
and her close knowledge of individual students.
At first, representatives of the guest from came to me.
They only want to show off their power to occupy space or to build a high building...
What occurred should have never happened
Thank you for this, guys
Blame it on the Culture?
I am for absolute creative freedom.
And why not inform me about it?
Please note that we always put the word Security first.
They have no idea how the Internet works, or what makes things popular.
No transport, how will I go to the polling station?
Some of our fellow citizens died during post elections violence.
This social media impact will last for years to come.
She does not care about all the controversy around it.
Global Voices Are we there yet?
The show was a benefit for the Center for Human Rights in Iran.
Of course, the other Serbia exists as well.
She went on to explain
every time we look bad in the international news.
At least one blogger thinks that such a law, if passed, would prove to be a net positive.
There were so many deaths, it was not even possible to count them.
You can learn a lot about a culture by learning its language.
My father saw that I was looking at the prisoners and said
He left this world just before the revolution.
Global Voices Application papers.
Today is the last day of the year.
American TV shows have gained great popularity in China over the past few years.
But when the time will come?
The only difference is that now we have a higher awareness.
I will tell you something which is not for television.
The opposition thinks they will not win the election if it is held under the ruling party.
Give a brief analysis of the mass events, their goals, and the results of holding them.
The time has come for us to decide.
And afraid for my friends, who will look down at me.
Many friends contributed to the work, each within their capacity.
But what about the expected lack of reaction from Arab leaders?
could you tell us how it all began?
The world must know about people like him . Vietnam
Is there someone else that inspired you before making your decision?
we expand, we fill the space.
There are just a few people left who know the experience of living through war.
This is a criminal act.
But if you think about it, everything has its positive side.
and provides a list of other sites which have linked the blog.
Religion, though important to me, remains a very private part of my life.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs , the number of Japanese visiting overseas source
The aim of the school is to teach science.
There is no reason we cannot.
And why do we only now say this is a problem?
People just need to know me as me.
Actually it is a war gang of the worst type.
He also adds that this celebration is unique because
We will not allow this to happen.
Other topics also discussed this week include
I have two sets by the way..
And that way we can attract quite a lot of bloggers from the little towns of Kyrgyzstan.
The details and a petition can be found here.
But all agree it should be their right to choose whether to wear it.
And where is this victory set?
But how often is too often, and where should the balance between traditional and social media lie?
Some users on the ground reported on Twitter
Possible arrest was the reason why he left the country.
In her update she writes
one of whom ran into trouble for an article he published online.
Mine is one of those.
She was happy I was fine.
The appeal was rejected by the military.
But I would like to make one small point
A guy tried that, and his house burned down.
I promised to blog about it last year but never did.
He reportedly left this comment in the Facebook wall of Sarah Pope
Look the other way, now
And no political or security authority can prevent anyone from expressing their opinions as they wish.
Despite many formal abuse reports made by Facebook users, the page has not been taken down.
When all those photos became public ...
Still, I know that the conversation was meant to be quoted.
You showed them that democracy was worth fighting for because it could be won.
Did you ever consider that buying your own might be a good investment?
He was even moved to post a drawing of the new President.
The officers had monthly reports with the performance of the channel and the website.
Most of the letters in the book are in Russian, but there are also letters in English and French.
In the end, he told us to leave.
All three countries claim the islands.
Until their next big release, that is.
Their website was dedicated to digital art and graphic design.
I was not really surprised.
The majority however are still holding back...
Call me on the phone.
Second, look for support and report the violence.
No Pain No Gain adds
Maybe they will finally start to listen to us?
No time to raise your head, look around.
And big respect to our Kyrgyz brothers.
If religious people remain isolated they can become more radical.
When the Ethiopian government declared a state of emergency, he wrote
Soviet era poster widely distributed.
Image of the Kremlin press service.
Now people are going to tell me
Living in Israel is living reality.
I do not remember what the poem was about.
They just do not have the money to return home.
That some men did not want it he could understand.
I guess they like it like that.
There are people who are working day and night to improve lives and change the continent.
This is the question that comes to mind when you visit her blog.
People on twitter are giving me a hard time because I tweeted this.
Every day new missing people information are being added to this wall.
All my friends have similar stories.
Where did you get this into your head?
And that is not a small thing
Why they have to bomb the Beirut international airport?
Protect yourself from the weak.
Any plans for the future?
Everything is free of charge.
The event was condemned by other users of the social network.
A head without a mind.
Global Voices Screenshot from video uploaded on the Be Cool Facebook Group.
You know what would help?
Saudi Authorities Continue Crackdown on Human Rights Activists  Global Voices This post is part of our Special Coverage
The statement in full read
They fear that their own family will turn their back against them.
Almost like in the films.
They also said the same message during Christmas.
This is the most important thing.
until she described it to him
Of immediate concern is the protection of the two young women involved.
Most of their content is agency news.
The image has been released into the public domain by its author, Anonymous.
We chose the four worst.
The two try to defend users freedom and their right to be heard.
Arrest without trial represents one of the worse forms of human rights violations.
With all you have happening in your life, why work for Global Voices?
Millions of Bangladeshi women have become mobile users and providers.
Wait a second, they live to eat.
It was not only intense but massive as well, since across the country has felt its impact.
It will continue all month.
Has he felt any changes?
Often, one reads too much or too little in the public statements that come from Iran.
In Brazil, there is the Information is a right
A similar crime is will probably happen again.
To be happy for today?
The desperate look in their eyes.
This news was not covered by media.
This post does it pretty well, though.
Let us not be emotional but objective.
Do you want to return to that time?
He visited both Iran and Iraq in order to help in efforts to release prisoners of war.
There is a police car outside.
Where are we headed and where is it going to end?
Allow the truth to condemn.
On the video you can see a crowd gathered around the young man on the ground.
Here is a run down of some of what happened on Monday.
Peace and Security Bill approved in committee.
This is what the FIFA rules state
We started talking about who we were going to vote for and why.
Did she speak to you in the final month?
Ben Ali, tell your brother Mubarak that the people of Egypt hate him.
From your opinion why are you using English or Arabic Language only?
Does the government really need to call upon riot police to respond to students?
weak hands ask, What is going on??
I was inspired to write in order to show what happens among the indigenous peoples of Bolivia.
A lot did not give much thought to blogs.
How could it be possible?
where did they come from??
The post addresses the situation in each of the countries
It was still Egypt, and it was still Lebanon.
Thus, as we say in our collective
My university years are behind me now.
There are better ways doing it and getting the message across.
Fifth State of the Union speech.
An Islamic constitution was adopted, which could in no way be called democratic.
Typical reactions on YouTube include
So, what can we expect from the summit?
The former two parties did not win any seats in either house of Union Parliament.
Well, blogs are more than important in the era of social networks
But since they were all open, nothing broke.
I think information should be free and accessible.
It was because I was Haitian.
There are obvious differences, too, of course.
Nobody asked us to pay anything and nobody said anything.
And this was when they brought that crazy telegram
This brave new environment is being experienced in Brazil.
Many people in the street.
Writing is like air, we cannot live without it.
Even a simple shopping trip has its risks.
I think the absence of a scandal in Russian social media has a few reasons.
More than ever in these trying times is that voice important.
These are just some of the cases of violence against animals...
Before watching it, you should be warned that you might never get the beat out of your head.
This is not about hatred of foreigners.
I am afraid you are not lucky then...
And these are only the ones that we are in contact with.
Sure, there are people who can afford this price in Ghana.
Reporters Without Borders is also surprised by the problems Tunisian Internet users are having with their email.
Everyone could have the cell to himself for a few hours.
On the other side of the river were the men.
You can read an interview with him about his blog and its impact here.
Guess who I voted for?
There is more going on in the Kurdish world besides the Iraqi referendum.
But a woman should have a choice.
The bodies have already been carried out.
They actually looked at the camera.
It is the same thing here.
And now from some quick updates
On the one hand, as a bridge between East and West, Azerbaijan has a lot going for it.
What happened here had nothing to do with her.
Not a word to be said.
Both images taken from Facebook.
So I made some calls to friends.
The video is in Venezuelan Sign Language and Spanish.
We have no choice but to fight back.
THAT IS WHY WE HAVE COME OUT TO VOTE.
The numbers speak for themselves.
He also shares his hopes for his national team
From image widely shared on social media.
Besides, I am seeing how my experiences are shared by so many all over the world.
Do you see what I see?
I prefer it to see my country gets destroyed.
His condition was reported to be fair.
Rather than remaining silent, the President should take legal action and report the case to law enforcement agencies.
maybe it looks like a translation site for foreign media sources?
there is much more to life than the internet, too.
Who here is using new technologies to engage the youth?
To make everyone feel sorry for them, of course...
As of now, the debate remains hot on the blogosphere.
Those students have faced repression and violence.
Not the best way to enter a bus.
The first comment by a reader was
Bangladesh is one of the most affected countries by climate change in the world.
Now that Kuwaiti bloggers and their readers have had their say, what do you think?
And I understand the reason.
Several protesters, doctors and journalists were injured.
Who Let The Dogs Out?
People are tired of war.
All roads leading to the area are blocked by police.
Why this link between the virtual and the real?
And that was when it started to change for me.
Terrorism is the greatest violence that could be committed against a democracy.
He also said that when the second incident happened, the Police hit a mother and daughter.
There was another Ethiopian girl with me and the same things were happening to her.
Here is some of what few bloggers said
Sometimes I feel I have done nothing in this position and I feel sad.
The blogosphere in Puerto Rico is growing.
Are We Giving Away the Internet?
But those will have to wait for the next few weeks.
If you want to buy an apartment, you have to pass three challenges
However, at the secondary level, everything changed again.
Many have paid no attention to us.
So when the time comes, please keep that in mind.
Is English important for Chinese companies going abroad?
Many believe that Cairo is a city.
Every time I walk by, I try not to look at her.
Where does the funding and support come from?
Did your mother even know that you had your face made over?
In fact, it is to our advantage.
Here are a couple of examples that might push us all closer to that goal
We just keep hoping for wind, or rain...
The government is already in contact with environmental experts who reached out to us.
The outcome of the task force has been mixed so far.
Find out at One Big Construction Site.
We defend a Europe where the rights of the people are held above the interests of the markets.
The language and tone of the everyday person has seemed to change when referring to a fellow Arab.
Some people might live their lives successfully.
Musical collaboration  Global Voices Bangladesh
In its latest post , the site says
I want to see her do well.
The media can play a very big role in this by being the voice of the people.
the world is with you egypt do what you have to DO
The difference of life in northern Uganda can be seen in simple, everyday experiences.
Only by their knowledge essential changes will take effect.
In actual fact, it says nothing of the kind.
One of them went missing in the chaos.
He talked regularly on his own television show on a private channel.
Her statements attracted online support.
More Coverage of Moscow Fire  Global Voices Sri Lanka
In fact the concept of peace is wrong because the wrong idea was passed on.
Still, the announcement has left some Caribbean bloggers asking questions...
Everything ends without a future.
I imagine that country and I feel afraid.
There was also this comment
Might we not see some serious citizen reporting this upcoming election season?
SHE WAS SHOT BY THE TALIBAN.
Ministry of culture has made this decision.
Today is still a good enough time to start.
We can resolve by using firm and effective laws that truly rule.
Watching the World Cup Together
Share this video and prevent the next tragedy.
She says that it has led to changes.
First of all we want food, clothes, education, house, public security.
Those are Twitter hashtags as well as Facebook ones.
better late than never, at least.
only six hours a day.
Tahrir is more like revolution square.
According to reports on twitter, communications from Gaza have been cut off.
Religion  Global Voices Ask a Korean
He had the radical notion that Israeli Jews should be allowed to move and pray freely in their capital...
someone will ask when getting your phone number.
Protesters rally to protest against corruption and planned construction projects.
But only a few people really express anything about it.
Why does ISIS need me alone?
Once I had to leave a foreign country where a military conflict was taking place.
The MPs tweeted at by him are unlikely to forget it.
And all of that is fine.
This is Zimbabwe asks where does the Church stand in relation to Mugabe?
For many, blogs have become the door to the rest of the world.
Last month, the hospital shared their Twitter list and encouraged others to follow
Got a call from there.
reads, South Africa World Cup
I want to make it clear
The cited articles are in Spanish
People need to feel free to come forward and speak.
Photo courtesy the subject, used with permission.
The lower price of internet access is also one among other factors to encourage people to use it.
The Iranian government announced that it will continue its nuclear policy.
The possibility of going to the UK is giving me the hope I need to live.
For that you need medium AND message.
And he does not want to be in jail.
But the truth is, it is cultural
Before Sunday, it was not easy to find tweets or other social media in Indigenous languages.
The last photo was uploaded five days before the crash.
But singing about policy issues is not enough.
Building a network with them is a step in the right direction.
Poland is not a military power.
However, this festival, so present in the region, is now being threatened by climate change.
Then I was sorry and, at the same time, I was angry.
Had it not been for our firm response, the scene would have ended in tragedy
The Taliban often attack individuals supporting or working with the Afghan government or international organizations.
Parts of this parts of that
Do you really need all those cars?
My decision, I think, is very normal.
Canada and most European countries have their own somewhat similar corrupt practices acts, as does China.
shame Supporters of the radical opposition, however, also used the day to attack the government.
They fired at him as he ran.
Many are hoping that the government addresses this issue.
The world is taking note.
And this has created a long debate.
The Internet is back on and images and videos are flooding out of Iran.
Who is going to ask Israel for accountability and when?
They did not provide any explanation as to why they did that.
the murder of innocent Nigerians.
that are now required to register.
A little fuel for the fire here.
So the question becomes, what are you going to give me?
Muslims, for the most part, are wonderful, kind people.
I had to struggle too.
photo courtesy Three Media, used with permission.
Turn to the left, I think, for that number you gave me.
The blogger goes on to explain the significance of this posting
For those who must die, God will make them crazy.
He says that although what he writes is considered very sensitive by many.
We are working everywhere where Governments and NGOs cannot be.
Quite simply, this year is changing my life.
Protesters outside the police station.
They talk about their private lives.
Do I still love China?
It would be the first time I had ever been completely alone with a girl I loved.
Democracy Guy thinks that Bush missed an opportunity to support Armenian democracy while in Georgia.
She had never been here at this hour.
Still surprised over the earthquake that happened today.
What does blogging means to you?
The dark meant it was suicide to stay there.
I ask you to direct them to the people on the ground
How do you spend your free time?
You have to take the time to build relationships with people.
If you are a member of parliament, let someone else be mayor.
There is no need for physical contact.
This could be any of us tomorrow
This is obviously an organized online attack.
A number of party activists have also died during violent clashes with the police.
The victory raised the question what is next for Pakistan.
After all, the man had no family, so no one suffered, and everybody was better off for it.
The idea here is simple.
Politics, More Politics and Bloggers  Global Voices Politics
Bloggers have been sharing videos supposedly showing violations of electoral law during election day.
It was proposed by an opposition leader, and it came in the interest of the country.
Reading the African literature showed me that I could find a way to write about my life.
What about your privacy online?
The country hot with the bloggers story this morning...
There were no reports of system access issues and all operations were normal.
We live in the era of freedom of thinking and speech.
In another post he updates us on the situation
After the Taliban fell, within a year several magazine and newspapers started publishing.
To create a translation is quite simple.
One of his relatives was explaining how he had died.
Are investigations providing any leads?
It seems that each time the Iranian president visits a university, hundreds of students march against him.
has decided to spend some time fighting terrorism.
The relationship with Greece is different.
The political solution has already been chosen
Consider an example from Russian television
they demanded an apology from the prime minister.
The Better India magazine lists some user comments
This is where the women seem to come in last.
Can we call ourselves Free?
Which blogs do you write for?
Alexey, in his latest post, explains
May they all rest in peace.
Rarely does a week pass by without news about the arrest of one or more Egyptian bloggers.
Whether they will be alive tomorrow?
she goes on to explain
He will be representing Tunisia.
But Asia Internet Coalition has a different view
Chinese media and netizens have questioned the intention of authorities and expressed concern over movie censorship.
Special forces would literally say
My people, Alive, alive you are.
Anything at all strange??
The greatest success in this election is peace.
The road in which you came in and the route was the one in which the kidnapped people entered.
All this with no real need for all this...
Find out from Secret Dubai.
I live my day with minimum damage possible.
Funny how radical this concept sounds
The right to a home Brazil
Read on here for the full story.
I come from a culture where it is accepted, even expected.
We wait for you next year again
Or listen to the original Spanish podcast
Does he have a relative that is suspected of being Hamas?
This post is in two languages, English and Russian, as all the posts in this blog are.
Global Voices selected two as an example
By most accounts, all foreign journalists have left the country.
I decided to take a language course one year after.
Do you not believe you are walking on the One True Path?
They barely speak any English.
Where do you see the future of the festival going?
In some of these countries citizens have begun publishing that information for themselves.
Dirty Politics  Global Voices Dirty, dirty politics in Zimbabwe
They explain their ideas about Internet freedom and a new way of doing politics.
On Twitter, people have posted photos from the town.
REMEMBER THAT THE NEXT ELECTION WILL JUDGE YOU ALSO.
Because we are so used to harassment at every step we take.
There is still much work to be done.
He says that it was the same thing for all stations.
Here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city.
What do you like the most?
A place of memory is also a place of awareness.
Are there members of the current system that you think could and should stay on in a future Syria?
What happens when women report sexual assault in Japan?
The blog will keep readers informed about the distribution of food and other aid.
This action is a message in itself
For that, human rights violation is their only method.
Yet she finds some hope in the poll results
A SYSTEM is to blame.
Freedom of assembly, speech and expression are merely empty promises of the government.
And we are not afraid to face the failure.
I have found no reference to him in official media sources.
We hope that politicians will make a decision to address human trafficking.
comes alive in the music.
Indeed, the death toll could still rise.
Many others online also see the issue in strong terms.
Dictatorship Seeks Entry in Portuguese Language Community GV Face
Neither is it trying to provide answers.
It can also force individual journalists to reveal sources of information.
The online sentiment has very much to do with growing social and political conflict between Hong Kong and China.
It is the story of people helping people to create something special out of nothing.
Most other young people left school to join the Taliban.
Mugabe is using Twitter  Global Voices Online political jokes
Across the Gulf concern has been expressed regarding the plans for a union.
What you say might make sense, but the reality is quite different.
At some point, the project then took on a life of its own.
Why in the Name of God?
the law must treat everybody equally.
The new regulation could also affect academic and scientific research.
They went on to add
But what do Japanese think of this statement?
And I would like to continue with the reforms.
and also looked at online blogging resources.
What challenges have you had in relation to the users?
But we need to change this.
She has therefore been the target of several such comments on Twitter
The summit will feature three speakers
I agree that religion should be banned.
The red color is not an accident.
Has it had any effect?
Ukrainian justice system in action.
Banning movies seems a little heavy handed.
that is to say, sex.
The lack of security will limit their activism.
you can dream and achieve your dream, however large it is.
The flood disaster is the worst in the country in the past half century.
The South African blogosphere was not behind.
Medical team in Square of Change has also been targeted by security forces.
He considers the charges against him to be politically motivated.
Read his point of view on whether soccer can save Iraq or not here.
however, relief efforts continue in the aftermath of this natural phenomenon.
in case Google gets blocked completely.
We also shot additional photos and videos on site.
The campaign made it to the Egyptian blogosphere and has been discussed on the following blogs
Who are the good ones and the bad ones.
That kind of history has come to an end.
I think I changed some of their ideas.
As you can probably imagine, the sentiment among Palestinians in the last days, is very emotional.
First treat the woman at your home well.
But it gives a feel of what things are like.
We do not know for sure why most papers, unlike bloggers, have been quiet on this.
She is also the founder and director of Digital Rights Foundation, Pakistan.
I was barely eight years old when I realized that I was different.
Looking back, six years later, what do you think the role of social media is in Iran?
Could it be that these lives are just another campaigning effort for Israeli politicians.
What are you going to tell your children?
Everything is politics if you pay attention
Do you believe in the possibility of a governing woman in the country?
People stand up for what they can.
Many people shared their similar experiences in the comments section and local media started reporting on it.
You know the online polls.
Stuff Saudi People Like  Global Voices Find out what Stuff Saudi People Like on this blog.
He also shared his own experience
According to one of the women interviewed in the film
On Twitter, the topic has been commented on a lot.
The app was banned by Facebook after for violating its rules.
I wish I could say why all this happened.
Wait for a time, exactly under the star.
They may face the death penalty.
In return, I was attacked.
An audio recording is now available.
but i have long maintained
This time the issue is no longer limited to media freedom.
A new government  Global Voices Whatever Matters
I was not surprised by this conversation.
People were hurt by what I wrote.
free and fair elections, which to them represent the only guarantee for a transition to democracy.
He was not able to respond to concrete questions
See here for more details.
How successful a tool has citizen media been for your writing?
This new film has not been without controversy.
A dear friend of mine told me recently
I want them to talk to me about business and politics, not about how good looking I am.
On the other hand, there are those who are opposed to the proposal.
I am a living proof...
Another journalist asks someone to explain the situation.
By Friday, netizens had moved on from corruption to cricket.
They make up an important force.
But during those times, I am the one responsible, not he.
An atmosphere of fear has been created.
And this time no one was killed in the middle of the day.
They had caught up with me.
The agency has not responded thus far.
People of Burkina, Africa is with you.
Where did the votes go?
This year I tried to translate every update about the Middle East.
The awareness of these reports and activities strengthen shared identity and community pride.
I miss them every moment.
This quote from a government minister might explain something
This is one of those stories we should not let die.
This is the real intention behind the move.
I want to leave a legacy.
To celebrate the day, all you need to do is blog, of course.
A couple of bloggers took the opportunity to look back on those days.
But who is coming here?
Does being young give you the right to insult others?
Have you heard of the phrase
This person is called our Defense Minister and the other Government ministers.
One of them turned out to be the head of the , and he recognized me and said
They are asking us for help.
I needed to change direction.
What should our response to terrorism and tragedy be?
Will you apply to Hamas and the Palestinian Authority the same moral standard that you ask from Israel?
When is a house just a house?
In this country, anyone can be announced being a terrorist at any time.
These forms of human trafficking are visible in the Caribbean but are often ignored by society.
He had no respect neither for the court, nor the judge, nor the lawyers.
Starting today they can fight crime.
Safety at the Risk of Privacy?
Eventually her mother cut a deal with her
She says on her blog
On the subject of personal security, she states
Stay a racist and leave your house.
The doctor and the family members had to give up.
We need to determine a real leader once and for all.
Of course, you can buy these things in our country, too, but I would suggest a more interesting option
Cambodia needs lots of people like you.
Later, at her blog Active Voice, Paul wrote
With so many innocent civilians dead there have been calls for investigations.
But no event ends without criticism.
No one knows where it will stop.
International artists are still raising money for victims.
Why are there so many conflicts in the world, and why can they not be stopped?
Nobody would even take his application.
More content on the website.
If it works for you, then fine.
How can you live with yourself after doing that?
Apparently some Peruvian businesses actually bought them The project is going ahead regardless.
new attack there too ??
Does he win or not?
An Open Letter to Iran...
Then there are those who are not nice at all.
Security Minister or Action Figure?
He is now talking and knows how to express his basic needs.
We want to stop all conflicts.
And what a battle that was
I had always known I would go back at any chance, so why not document it?
We could do without people like her in the world
Despite the release, I am banned from traveling and the charges have not been dropped.
The law is the same for everyone.
Some people did not see the need to change their names.
How would the lives of ordinary people change?
I am happy he said that he would only allow the wounded ...
I thought I share this tribute with her and put the picture on my blog.
We write about internet, media, and technology.
There is a price to pay for everything.
Can bloggers be stopped with all these lies?
They are understanding it a little bit better and there have been a number of books.
How does the Caribbean influence your work?
Five years later, a public declaration by the indigenous authorities officially suspended the practice.
All of this should be recorded in history.
He has participated in a number of discussions about cultural and social problems.
Join us to reflect, enjoy, and live knowledge.
So what do you do?
This shows the desire for male child by many Indian mothers.
Many religious leaders and politicians in the country have spoken out against this attempt to change the abortion law.
Readers reacted very strongly to the photo
It is rejected and not even open to discussion
So what does that lead to?
Sure, there are millions of women in India who need help.
History should continue to work against it.
a journalist asked me when leaving a workshop where I had spoken on the topic.
After my family, what I miss the most is the sea.
These protests have been rarely reported by Korean media.
Do we have the means to welcome those refugees?
We all deserve better leaders and a better world, a more peaceful world.
This event is to demand that our justice system take responsibility.
The idea is, whenever I have time, to interview a lot of people.
Not a single government department is in position to deal with the issue.
I will leave you with the photographs.
This is why her loss is such a tragedy for so many of us.
Several men who attended the protest, however, had different feelings on the matter.
What topics could I cover, and which ones should I avoid?
I wish all Muslims knew this responsibility.
Even the state TV took part in the campaign.
a country that has the second biggest gold mine in the world.
Netizens have reacted with shock at this incident.
I think many use religion as an excuse
Have citizens become wild animals?
You meet in person and they are not at all how you thought they would be.
Which companies were they, and what did the documents say?
This is Kurdish hunger for freedom, it is not a new concept.
Venezuela made oil deals with Cuba and we all know who won.
Invite you friends and let do this.
This way history is taking its course.
We have a lot of refugees from there.
A Resolution to the Political Crisis?
Are you going to run for an office in the next elections?
We all saw it before.
Indians will be watching their response closely.
In fact, those who raised that very question on social media saw their comment censored.
Protesters dedicated a march to his memory.
I was encouraged because what we translate here are blogs.
What an earth is going on?
The other focuses on the meaning of this meeting in political and economic aspects.
Everyone who knows some history of terrorist organizations knows that it is not possible.
Thus, France is called upon to come back, especially now that oil was discovered in Lebanon.
Public was not charged for watching it either.
Below are several of the tweets
Special thanks to the new organizers also
They were blocked by police.
Is that a reason to give up?
Reactions online Online public forum, blogs and Twitter have been flooded with angry reactions.
In Peru, one Twitter user considers a fake wedding to be a good solution for himself
It adds value to property prices.
With our mobile application you can now stay connected with Zambian news on the go.
If , we will be good with him.
Readers, feel free to add your own sources in the comment section.
In some situations, police blocked protesters and reporters from leaving the area.
In the virtual parliamentary election three parties received most votes
In what might be a joke, he tells readers to not expect too much detail.
Well, there will be polls again, a new government, so, well...
It would present a forum for them in almost every community.
And the list is long.
And you, what do you think?
The Bahraini government, for its part, has condemned the ruling
Both have as a source.
On the Web, there is true freedom of speech.
Larger number of women voters
All the ones there are no good enough, or just not doing enough.
what would they do to the country and to us??
Everyone is happy two Russian girls and two guys are in the final.
You may be right some times, but not all the time.
Check also his Flickr page and Facebook profile.
for us this is a revolution for freedom.
A woman had her three children killed.
Of course it affects politics.
However, Omar does not seem to be one of them.
A second point requires more extended comment.
Certain groups are providing them with the financial means to do so.
Exactly how many people do you think there are that could turn down that offer?
It was a big thing.
I found him saying in one of his first posts
On Twitter, netizens can report violations and post updates using these hashtags
It remains to be seen if the voice of these owners will be heard.
That statement is merely a fact.
I hope that one day end will come to war and hate between nations in Caucasus.
because high speed internet is now available all over the country.
Killed by American soldiers while returning home from the market.
But sometimes you have to follow your heart and be with the person you want to be with.
Language Authors in the Global Voices community speak on average three languages.
Or why does the Chinese government want to hide the figures and names?
I just read about it.
I have never seen a country in a whole world, where people, would say
The only place where people celebrate Christmas in August.
Everyone is born a Communist.
This post was originally published on the WITNESS blog.
In other words, we have no idea what police in Russia are up to online today.
Addressing the criticism that voters were not given enough time to debate, he wrote
And since Paris, they feel a shift.
But in October, it had its first nuclear test.
But I ask you to consider the rights of the citizens regarding access to court.
Which is why I could care less if they close them or open them.
They are all over Moscow
And build it we shall.
The Online Presence of Puerto Rican Women
so how do they go about it?
Reality is built on language.
Let alone in South America.
She quoted Trump, then commented
The About page concludes its mission statement with the following
It is the same now.
Where did these prisoners obtain weapons from?
After all, that is what an international language should do.
the second post looks into the historical base for this complicated structure of feelings.
That has not been proven.
Was he ever coming out?
Calls to use arms against representatives of authorities have also never been legal.
I myself have a car.
We notice our actions are necessary more than ever.
Screenshot of the map made and shared by the students.
Many have been critical of the move.
It gives life to something inside you that just makes you want to move.
however, the law enforcement agencies did the opposite, because there is some kind of popular demand.
But a reader has a different opinion
I notice some unusual and big star which is very near by me.
Did you get new weapons?
Is this the big one?
Before, no one knew anything.
Some of our activities were not able to take place as we would have liked.
It is people who fill a territory with meaning and purpose.
Screenshot of his Instagram page.
All the links in this post lead to Portuguese language posts except when otherwise noted.
You can see photos of the conference here.
If this did happen, who knows that it happened exactly as they said it did?
Today the National Assembly passed a bill against sexual violence.
Can the End of War Mean the Beginning of Peace in Colombia?
A third says that he has three cell phones for this purpose.
As Armenia Blog reports, both the men and women of the Armenian team finished strongly.
I have been playing computer games since primary school.
Do media and journalists use it?
There are no children studying at the universities.
Bangladesh Talk posts a rare picture of Bangladesh Police helping a blind woman.
In his latest post, he visits one of the candidates and writes
There is only this hope left for him
A few days after, the first poster was uploaded in the social media and blogs.
Many bloggers published reports from the event.
not that you need to listen...
This war is no longer about the occupation.
They have had their fears dismissed.
I want to address the problem through my work.
We are open to any comments that can make the project better.
A few days later, the news spread everywhere
I thought that if I included technology in Black Looks, it would get lost.
The King Father once said Source
What I could do was try to effect change by other means.
Nothing to be proud of.
Image via Instagram by author.
Before signing off, he added
What about humanitarian, Mr. President?
In her department, a girl has recently given birth.
What can we do to fight back?
If they did not risk their lives, we would never know the truth.
The summer months are a time of reflection in Japan.
Obviously, the shared posts also have to be written in Spanish, in any sort...
I saw a tourist yesterday
The song was released over a decade ago
the blocked site is no different to the normal one...
The intention is very clear.
We have also included the opinion of bloggers on the other side of the debate.
But as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about.
And on a very different note
Or do they think that democracy is always perfect?
And the daily newspapers which supported me..
Here are some of their answers
These are some examples of blogs being used to organize collective actions to do good in Guatemala.
People are questioning as to how it is possible that the photo is the only evidence.
The video spread rapidly through social networks.
One was in Arabic and the other in English.
Of course, a lot of women I have known like posting their personal issues because it is much easier.
To all those lost to disease and hatred and to the hope for a better tomorrow.
But it is not so easy to do
The government recently changed blocking methods.
The blogger adds that economic corruption is becoming worse year after year.
The immediate cause for its existence is the brutal physical torture committed on a little girl by her parents.
They do have activities, I think on quite on a regular basis.
Blog Action Day on Human Rights
Why are Iranian Green Movement leaders silent?
I have a list here of some news links.
Blogging has really grown up in the South Africa over the past year.
And explain how to get around censorship.
She believed in the power of small changes beginning with the family and inside small social groups.
What message do you want to send to the international community?
Open development is where organisations are using information technologies, among other information sharing channels, to provide and share information.
How do you expand business without losing the audience?
Are you active in social media?
However, that was not the worst
They should do it for a good cause.
Some of my friends were missing that day due to other things happening around.
Ultimately, I have to raise the child on my own.
and the life of others who live in similar conditions.
Every day now they look for things to read.
Now you have no excuse not to know where that is...
Now there was no longer any doubt
Ghana ICT Journalists on Facebook  Global Voices Ghana ICT Journalists Association is on Facebook
The army has still done nothing.
Could we not get that from somewhere else?
It is open to public contribution.
The communication between video and the still image is very interesting to us.
See no evil, hear no evil, say no evil.
An Amnesty international press release says
He then told me something that later would happen.
Even that is too much to ask for.
Let me get this straight.
The older one says no.
What is your date of birth?
This is her most recent project
During elections, offers come and go.
Save your anger for those who made the decisions, not those who are victims of it.
But What About a Direct Attack?
Music for peace  Global Voices Kenyan musicians make a music video for peace
We want an industry that can be sustainable.
What have my friends posted on Facebook?
He is not only making money online, but also teaching people how to make it.
What Status for Russian Forces in Georgia?
I mean, this is serious guys
The national media ignored her.
Should Thailand Raise the Minimum Wage?
As in other parts of the world, child marriage is a grave problem in India.
Do you think the community is changing its opinion at all?
How did you hear about Global Voices and what encouraged you to get involved in their work?
Political will is key to fighting corruption.
A lot of our brothers are in the diaspora building a future for themselves and their kids.
Tomorrow your wife, sister, daughter.
Active Voice published two posts about the murder.
One thing, I am sure of, you must get an interest in life.
The English school reports important events and activities on their Facebook page.
I have already written much about Iraqi blogger reactions.
The armed forces, intelligence agencies and the government are now all supporting the indigenous peoples...
And how can any post in India end without a passing reference to the famous film Industry.
But what about the other part, the part that shows resources, potential, development?
Long Hair failed to enter , his fans were disappointed.
Blog Post of the Year
Program note reads as follows
Something that most of us have already done, already wanted to do, or continue to want and do.
The difference is that they will deserve the punishment.
and that they can change their own reality.
People reacted to the trend on Twitter
Twitter was also used to appeal to citizen journalists.
He accepted this sentence, even though he, along with a section of the public, considered himself innocent.
This essay was originally published on The News.
He is also closing the Monitor newspaper again
Do you love your people?
For me, what is important is the GV community, the GV family ...
But why does all this matter?
Without identity there is no answer to those questions
Let us pray for his health and life.
Thus, the leader should allow opposition view and this is the only way for democracy.
I no longer care who started what.
For nine years this march has sought to end police abuse in the second largest city in Argentina.
Why should we trust them?
She was one of many who were excited about having the first woman in the job
They like to be dominated.
Not because we are Africans
I am sick of the hatred..
Those who have none are just waiting.
Bloggers and activists are directly targeted.
What message are we passing along to the young generation, the leaders in the making?
For now, the answer is unclear.
How are people taking on to TV?
Guys, this was the best time in my life.
Everyone has secret thoughts and its natural and God given.
All connections with him have been lost.
They were people from the presidential guard, since the police were a little behind.
And the second message is
And it is making its way to be a public forum for free discussions and popular opinions.
After the event, I spoke with Joseph to hear more about the purpose of the demonstration.
Foreign Notes reports on the new budget.
I think his blog served us more than it aimed to destroy us.
The Venezuelan blogosphere does not contribute anything to Venezuelan journalism.
Will this bring people on both sides we are not even speaking about the two nations closer together?
Global Voices Cartoon widely shared on Facebook.
But he was too late.
Many Lebanese have spent the last few days celebrating their Armenian heritage.
This article looks at some stories of those brave people.
Everybody is trying to explore what has happened to his relatives, houses and areas.
This adds to the interest.
Someone else helps out below the post with links and information.
The reality has been very different, though.
Equal Attention for Innocent Victims?
The verdict is about the Association.
Can I really call this land a second home?
That took a long time to come.
How do you manage that effectively?
Activists say she was arrested right after that.
The islands are claimed by China, but in effect controlled by Japan.
And they can see that I like and respect them, so we get along very well.
There will also be a live blog.
Other than a tiny number, the Spanish people are not racist.
We were going through a difficult time in our personal lives, but the country was also going through difficulties.
He has nothing to do with this.
Here are some pictures describing the protests
Black lives do not matter to you.
As for myself, all I did was collect information and post it to my blog.
This next one is of a more serious nature
I went to a meeting with representatives of presidential candidates today.
I wish her the best.
What would they do to help?
There is such silence in this place.
I love the friendly atmosphere in Taiwan.
The controversial film has been the talk of the town, receiving wide media attention.
And I hope you are as proud of me today as you were back then.
not everyone is able to participate to that extent.
I never thought that I would leave my country.
People love to torture themselves, and they love to share it.
one for refugees and one for everyone else cannot stand.
But in the future, we will definitely do a great job.
We went through the obvious names.
Nepali is used to cover issues surrounding Nepali in Hong Kong.
Another youth activist identified by social media?
It is the theme I wrote about in the past.
In any case, we are probably low on the list
The idea of her daughter being in danger was enough for her.
It was like the US in Africa
So far, public opinion is in favor of the education reform
We discussed these issues in a previous blog post while other writers have expressed concern about it.
and posted the following answers
Netizens were already seeing this as a possible win for digital media.
It is very sure that Myanmar government would transfer him to China if he were a Chinese national.
The statement generated discussion throughout the country, including social media
We have just lost all of that..
Below are a few examples
So far, the ruling by the international body has not yet been implemented.
The latter option seemed more likely.
The owner of the dog had a fight with other people.
But I can also refuse.
But only to the Bahraini workers.
Of course, I think he should get the prize at some point.
And this is good, because they will at last make people speak the native language.
The Way It Was, Is and Can be.
So, various media outlets ask them for permission to use the video.
More projects from around the world are currently in development.
Journalists in many cases were indeed the voice of the people.
Global Voices Ask a Korean
We use the media to highlight and get our stories told.
In another tweet, she noted
I finally gave it to the South Africans.
The editors could have continued working while the management changed hands?
You were once war refugees as well.
Watch these videos of Nigerian kids celebrating birthday party.
I would spend hours killing them.
We do not need to fake things.
It is also important that he looks healthy and will be able to participate in the trial.
You can listen to your favorite music.
Getting them involved actually on the website is difficult and it is still emerging.
She has done South Africa proud and that should be the big news here.
However, that is not all he has to do.
And you already knew that it is not his first time.
One important factor in the field of PR is risk management communications during an emergency situation.
Generally speaking, government officials are more well off than ordinary people in their economic and social status.
It took us three days to understand.
I want a new system to be implemented that addresses the gap of population by generation per vote.
We therefore plan to continue to do so in the interests of open democracy and accountability.
They published it in their website
This has never happened before.
Another campaign was launched to call on people to monitor elections and not allow violations
This was not the first story and certainly will not be the last.
And we started to take another direction in our activism.
And the last slogan, for your and our freedom.
There is an interesting discussion in the comments space.
This nation can never learn....
How does this affect students?
Netizens should stop spreading rumors or they will be arrested.
It is published here as part of an editorial agreement.
The incident received limited coverage in Japanese media.
Turkish reaction has come in a variety of forms
The focus is on personal development and the ability to build healthy connections as a group.
She wants an end to political violence, especially those directed against the media.
The below Weibo post quoted by many news outlets reflected the sentiment of the angry crowd
In the statement, he writes
In fact I SHOULD have been for a long time.
That is what I am fighting for.
I never thought in a million years of getting married at a young age.
I went home and using the software available to me located my phone.
But please, today, let us just stay in the now.
I have found it interesting reading all your views.
how do you expand football?
I said that the future has a war in store for us.
The media action plan adopted will be developed on the international stage and spread over five years.
There is nothing, no words, coming out from the Government or King or Prime Minister.
Peace is a popular concept.
One fears being held up in a street.
The Bangkok Post report generated interesting comments about the issue.
they apparently really wanted you to understand
This situation will change soon.
I will not criticize other people or organization.
Also, the report is not very accessible to the average Kenyan.
Is been a busy day but still pushing on.
It was meant to be a Sunday like any other.
I will put up some posts in the next few hours.
But I still wanted change.
Is it time to become media?
The way I see this is like living in the same village with other people.
both of which can be bought on Amazon.
Just like all Iraqis are being killed.
Moving back to Jamaica seems to have the answer
In my mind, I had only the one thought
It is posted more on Facebook, Twitter still has very few views.
The bid has since been rejected.
The majority are from France, but Germany and Spain are present too.
Someone was calling me from outside Iraq.
The fire went out on its own.
We have no voice or authority.
Stop the Torture of Children in Syria
The event was the first of its kind, intended to engage bloggers in active discussion regarding social media.
The young family has its own farm.
Trump tried to be free and easy, but he is very specific about the exchange deal
I hope the move will be just the beginning.
What exactly is our problem?
Fuel has run out in many areas.
As for the plan we presented
And who and where are all these detainees?
A Reaction From Your Friendly Author The author in Iran.
All the time in the world.
And he uses it to stay in touch with his family in Turkey.
They killed people with young children Five hours ago he tweeted
It is still online and available today.
The point of this blog is to focus on a vision for peace.
The rest belong to various Arab countries
on the demands of Nepali Indians in India who want their own state.
The train made a special return trip to drop the girl off in the evening after school.
It never gets updated regularly too.
Anonymous image freely distributed online.
And some people are already making it out as an insult against Filipino health workers IN GENERAL.
Only the media shows them in a different way.
It seems as if they have always been here.
What shall I write to you?
Is there finally some hope of equality?
At YouTube, there are a number of videos urging citizens not to accept criminals as election candidates.
We were in Panama to witness the first week of the school year.
A man with his children under the water moving towards a safe place.
One cannot expect to ignore the law to engage those who ignore the law.
The state is always right, not the citizen.
Most of the refugees are not from Libya.
In this way we have emerged from within ourselves.
If you wanted to show that the girl was not in danger, why did you include this shot?
I hope the book might influence more people to take up this work.
Especially youth need to speak openly about what is going on in their minds.
Could this change in the near future?
He was trained for this.
This election will be special
And I would understand if you do not share my view on what you have experienced.
I think both sides, government and students or rather, society in general want the best for the country.
There are questions about funds going to religious and cultural organizations that lack transparency and accountability.
When surrounded by police agents, keep calm and call your emergency contact.
How long have you had this blog?
My heart is for Iraq too.
The sites also hope to offer local citizens useful information on the work and organisation of the district administration.
To learn more follow this link
This selection of videos helps explain the context of this conflict.
He does not go to school.
You would need four hours from Belgrade to get here by car.
For professional reasons, I do not blog about news or my personal opinions.
This has to be in a good coverage area.
participating in a demonstration during the World Day Against Corruption.
For the transparency of elections requires that all acts required by law to be performed.
This is especially true in the Middle East and North Africa.
With a hope to see you all and to talk...
See the results on the TV, step by step, the vote count.
And they have listed numerous ways for people to help, including
The Government of India has recently made two significant policy decisions
Feeling bad for you on earth who have lost them.
Observers have long asked the question
Washington urged Kazakhstan to show clear signs of democratic progress before the end of this year.
South Africa netizens appeared deeply divided about the campaign on Twitter.
This is how they describe their blog
Publicly, so that the whole world could see.
We will need to march, time and time again.
the second when I lost my status as a victim.
This has prompted a heated debate in the Ghanaian blogosphere about homosexuality.
In a report published last September, Amnesty International mentioned
The King is very much concerned about his image.
But it was too expensive.
What places could he have seen?
Men should have control over themselves.
The full list is available on the Beirut Pride website.
You will find out more about that in the following weeks.
The cost of SMS communication is very high, especially in Africa.
I have planned everything and personally took care of all the small details.
All of the shops were closed.
Russian army is more dangerous environment for a human being than a prison in the US.
reports the New York Times.
They both wanted to share their stories, so that the same thing does not happen to anyone else.
I also tried to find other news items on this.
So nice we are giving one of them a ride home
This is how they want Morocco..
But it is an issue that people were willing to stand up for.
This is a very sad day.
Personally, I think that this possibility must exist.
Tunisian wave has sparked Egyptians to rise against a dictator that was holding absolute power for decades.
Some of the organizers taking a break.
We give our team another task
People who are willing to help should be faced with trust.
I have spent a year there and that is my impression.
The President of Colombia also spoke up on Twitter
New information technologies are being used in many ways against women and girls around the world.
On that day I took the decision that I would stop thinking about them.
So you can see, the situation is complicated.
Our website had to stop working for a week and a half.
You must do it online.
And already difficult questions are being asked
Some of the participants barely knew how to write and read initially, and they are now professional reporters.
if he is legal, he may not be good.
President Obama will speak to a live audience in Ghana, Africa.
What forms of freedom must we advance?
A year later, they were allowed to return to the Soviet Union, but not to their home villages.
Her back was to me.
You often share graphic images and videos from the ground.
This is a hard time to call attention to this situation, we know.
Do you have any experience to share?
Woman are not a piece of meat, walking on the street.
The annual event was planned to be held at the end of December at the university.
In the situation that was formed, there was no choice but to complete the deal.
They are worried that it has wider implications for law enforcement
I come from a small family.
The understanding that we have no one but ourselves to blame for this.
Can we be inspired to believe again?
The images say it all.
Are there other bridge blogs that could be of interest to our public?
Where did the idea come from?
Order of the Department of State?
The Internet community discussed the massive campaign against immigrants from Tajikistan.
While living in Canada, I had to go to school under police protection.
What is the difference between the reviews that you do and the ones on weekend newspapers?
I think that if there is something we deserve, it is to start walking towards creating peace.
How about we leave him alone to work a double shift tomorrow?
When you find your God, and your God finds you.
I always forget, in these isolated places there are hardly any old people.
Shame on all of us Trinidad and Tobago.
Image by US Embassy New Delhi.
But these were not the reasons of giving up the hope to go home.
How can it remain healthy?
Either way I wish her the best and welcome her to Islam.
It all started with a tweet.
This is a revolution without leaders.
This is a quote from their press release
To set goals for the New Year, knowing you cannot achieve them.
Are they people that can be leaders and help the community?
Nepal Law has a list of human rights activists arrested by the government this week.
I knew him in the years prior to his accident.
What can be done to help a brother?
Convicted for being a Blogger  Global Voices Is blogging a serious crime?
A version of this post was first published on Medium.
Unknown to most of the world, fashion plays a huge role in Pakistani life.
Solidarity with this free man.
It has been one of the main topics among bloggers.
Even cell phone service was unable to meet the demand throughout the emergency.
She also defended this choice, saying
The final screen before the system broke down.
A person in LA might speak Spanish at home and English at work.
No news in Hong Kong?
For Steve Jobs, because he truly lived.
And what about the citizens?
This play would be about the things they experienced.
Vast majority of people in the country are young.
I have no idea why you felt it necessary to mention the fact that I am a lawyer.
The increasing age of doctors is another issue
So much for the international scene.
Just where is the greater good?
See this Global Voices Report  from October.
I want to return to my country, my people, my real friends..
While many conservative media and public channels focus on his real background, netizens have different opinions.
Below are some of the Twitter updates from Bangkok
None of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead.
Do not Give Up Haiti
If the government has enough evidence to arrest a person it should have enough materials to charge that person.
I hope the picture above is more proof of this.
Photo by the organization, used with permission.
Today local press is available in local areas.
Whether current ruling regime will eventually manage to break down these protests, remains to be seen.
Last year, it was fun with you, and even interesting.
Movement across the borders is far from free
I am in the court.
But we will get there eventually.
Also, because I am black.
What is your take on literature in Nigeria and the continent?
Get out to the voting stations and vote
Would you like to add anything?
I sound like a child but I am just so happy
Both groups have claimed they support democracy.
Global Voices will post more storm updates as they become available.
However, is she telling the true?
I only care how it ends.
Unlike my family, I want a huge family.
It only meant one thing.
We tried to search in another part of the neighborhood.
Are our personal blogs safe with commercial hosting companies, especially when our writing may be deemed controversial?
We are not afraid of anything.
This was her last interview as a free woman.
What impact will the Declaration have?
He describes his blog as
We just happened to be at the right place at the right time and things worked out.
I remember it was a crazy summer.
Well this happens in Afghanistan.
The risk is almost the same.
Citizen media reports also show that many more school children have been injured in the protest movement.
The authorities had provided the following reasons for the removal of these trees
On Facebook, people are gathering in newly established groups
Very quickly, a blog to help the victims of the attack was set up.
A more official representative is the Secretary of the Interior.
They said lots of people are spending the night too.
Most bloggers try to escape censorship and self censorship.
Long Live Iranians and Iran.
The result was the death of both the mother and the baby.
I guess they fill the pages if there is nothing else to report.
I made the decision and I stand by it.
Her words have been proved true.
To the Congress of the United States
Government did not explain any reason for this filtering.
We are not a violent country.
That puts you and I in great danger.
The interesting part was how to sell the required number of minutes.
No, put that change as two.
The opposition leader has taken the matter to court.
As for Egyptian university teaching staff, the situation is very similar.
Where are our investigative journalists?
They thought I might have some information about them.
Maximum respect for those who want to support the strike.
Image courtesy of Strike Poster community on Facebook.
To be born in China does not make one a Chinese
He had to go into the water.
No, let me correct that.
For each of our different language sites, the statistics will look different.
This post is part of our special coverage Language and the Internet.
Today, many people were killed.
that there are people who still care about us ...
Our reaction was out of line.
Indeed where no one else has any reason to be more concerned as to what happens?
Is it part of an election campaign that has already begun?
Some were detained for a few days while others were condemned to several years.
Blogging offers the possibility of writing what you think, how you live your reality.
Then we have to catch the rest.
The story received coverage at the time in the UK newspaper the Guardian, among other mainstream media outlets.
Some of the questions that were addressed included
What should have happened years ago has happened.
The refugees are not coming to Malaysia seeking better economic opportunities.
And for the PR firm?
The majority seemed desperate, and were looking at me as if I were their only hope.
Meeting new people and talking to them.
Why do we want this so much?
I also attended there as a blogger and am happy to cover this event for Global Voices.
This is what I did.
Most of the residents are elderly.
I sat in my room, wondering how could these children survive.
Please do not make them happy.
This goes on and on.
Our goal is to bring Serbia into the family of developed countries.
It was accepted by Congress.
Rich countries like to make themselves feel good by giving money to poor countries.
In the vote after that, she was elected vice mayor.
The article has been removed a long time ago...
The daily headlines make you want to hide, to ignore politics, to cry.
Any amount, just do it
But even its video coverage seemed to have been removed from its website.
Cases throughout the continent are many.
The results will be published on their website, according to what they told me.
Our message is reaching the Arab and the western countries more and more every day.
So the next month will be critical to determine what people finally think of this move.
It depends on where you ask the question.
I support Stand News because the team has the experience and the ability.
who set the Supreme Court on fire?
Your idea has inspired others to explore the potential of open data, right?
Such case is not the first and will not be the last.
This video is from Bahrain today, specific location unknown.
Most of them are already being tried and done by some or all the teams.
a bit like an Italian family.
The blogger is wondering why his or her voice is not featured in the media
Read part two of this post
Tomorrow, we will make history.
The Role That Media is Playing
How did it happen and happen so quickly?
No arrests took place that night.
Regardless, after this release the world will have a new model to follow.
What do you blog about mostly?
hundreds of people have died.
What is your course of action after the FIFA ban?
We must keep one thing very present
The vast majority are in Colombia, where this figure has been constantly rising.
He goes into detail about the purpose and meaning of the alliance.
His power has not all of a sudden emerged from out of the blue.
So I left my education and joined them because I thought I could become something through the training.
Lots of names, lots of lawyers, and, above all, lots of questions.
Where did this information come from?
To find out, check out her post here.
One of the features is on getting a driving license.
The movement is definitely on the minds of a lot of people.
I asked to see the work that she had done.
The death toll reported is four, with one missing.
Is there a conflict of interests?
While all these are happening the Pakistani Blogosphere has a lot of important things to say
Please do add any other good links below.
Some even go a step further.
I know you want to remain anonymous.
Israel These days, Israelis who have spoken out against the war on Gaza are being targeted.
Thousands of people around the world suffer with daily violations of human rights.
They pass by the places they once walked, and meet people their missing ones loved.
Today, she is now facing a new challenge
One fourth of your book is about Iran.
But it may happen eventually...
The investigations have been condemned by local civil society groups such as the Community Action Network CAN
Looks like Ethiopian flag or Ghana flag.
The blogger adds that before this incident there were other cases too.
Internet users in West Africa were widely critical of the decision.
The target is not to kill someone.
If you want, go to Moscow or and celebrate whatever you like there.
another world is possible, here and now.
Another group is Peace for Kenya
Migrants are being made responsible for everything, although there is still no evidence for it.
Nothing further to write, a picture is worth a thousand words.
Will Bahraini bloggers be able to take a real position that can influence the local street?
Everything that happened was in Persian.
Let me be very clear
But how can the wider global audience find these voices?
We will protest with you in search for peace, but, will you?
How can social media fuel a revolution when the Internet is blocked?
I want to be an effective role model for all of them.
His watch told him he was still early.
Correct me if am wrong
We can also change the location at the last minute.
How is being a Muslim relevant here?
Second Olympic terrorism threat video released  Global Voices Cuba
Has called for the resignation of his cabinet.
I learned a few things from him about networking.
The fifth attempt was a success.
The Australian government cannot return them home due to their refugee status, nor can they enter Australia.
I am in love, and I want to be able to talk about this with others.
Though China , I think.
The political establishment also played a role in creating the current situation.
Global Voices This time the roundup from Bahrain covers three weeks.
I believe America is so much better than this.
Where was I going to stay?
Reports on and interviews with victims, volunteers, humanitarian aid workers and government officials are covering mainly positive developments
Of course, I immediately visited the website.
Screenshot by author Facebook is an important platform for sharing news and information online.
The blogger does not tell us what the blog he is working on is about in this post.
Could Peruvian social media users face prosecution for criticizing political candidates?
They discussed the way people never tell each other the things on their minds.
It is now an annual award.
Global Voices Arab women living in diaspora have hard questions to answer.
All this raises the question
It means that if God is here with us, it is easy to ask for His help.
We spent the most beautiful days of our lives there.
But I like reading and most of all traveling.
She would find a boy online and have him show up at a public place near her apartment block.
Or, at least, it did.
Nearly four days while the search was still on, the girls father heard a voice from a room below.
just like an Indian film, too many tears to be true.
These three factors likely came together Sunday night
If that was not enough, his family and friends were not allowed to rest his body in peace.
How can it be of interest to the party?
These questions I leave to you.
Most of the blogs are in English, but some are also in Spanish and French.
I thought I got it, I thought I understood sports.
I want to encourage people to VOTE.
Many tweets linked to their editorial.
The frustration I feel sometimes.
There is no place for them in our society.
can i come and live there?
Some of the tweets show the two sides of humanity
a road that was blocked.
Let us look within to ensure a better Jamaica tomorrow.
I list below some of the general problems I have seen
Global Voices Why we are cheap?
Please support this campaign and listen to the Podcast.
In addition, a Facebook group has been created, aimed at raising public awareness.
Not one, five of them
Here are some photos showing their daily life in Central.
And Rafael in is prison.
What is clear is that we have failed to learn key lessons about taking care of ourselves.
We have a different perception of the world.
How are people using your tool?
Sharing helps you to know more.
This move will hurt the poor the most.
And that is what I try to achieve every time I meet new people.
China Media Project has a brief account of the situation.
What exactly happened to this university?
You can do so by
Today is a national holiday in Egypt.
I really do feel sick.
Due to the above mentioned law, the hospital reported the case of the general attorney.
change is in our hands
Keep in mind that the images are not in real time.
However, only a few of them have managed to pass these skills on to their students.
he was just a terrorist.
Posting the news itself also takes all of two minutes.
The residents face continued pressure from the social services agency that is threatening with taking away their children.
Second, cut off your income.
Australia should tell Obama we take a different view on China.
This letter is in no way politically or personally motivated, it is of a matter of national interest.
They would love a deep sea port in Fiji.
Instead we focus on direct action week after week.
The Latin America Personal Democracy Forum As Seen by Bloggers  Global Voices Personal Democracy Forum.
And for sure the Egyptian bloggers and Twitter users were not happy with such a decision.
After a few hours I step into my fourth year at the University of Bahrain.
This allows us to view the context which recent Syrian refugees found themselves in.
We hope that the country will soon have a serious and responsible opposition party.
When I thought I was done, several police officers surrounded me.
All power in Ukraine belongs to the Ukrainian people.
Check out her report, which includes photographs and videos, here.
Is there any topic more sensitive?
Here are some more facts
The lack of candidates however did not mean that the party was not active in the region.
I decided to make a car which could carry four people.
Who gets to be a journalist in Brazil?
It should be noted that the embassy rejected the claim.
It is available in Chinese, English, French and Japanese.
there are now two persons.
During, and after the match in Cairo, the tone of the Egyptian blogosphere was still calm.
Coverage of these events included numerous citizen videos and photos.
You can listen to the audio link here.
Just ten minutes later, chaos broke out.
This is what they refer to as climate injustice.
that it happened to him because he went out at night.
For the same reasons, more or less
read up on the blogs.
The initiative is on Facebook and Twitter.
My own blog also needs more development.
Several Iranian bloggers discussed this trip in their blogs.
The organizers were disappointed by the small number of protesters.
Other than that, Cuban bloggers seemed to be the only ones paying attention.
Internet Price War  Global Voices The Internet price war is continuing in Kuwait, writes DA.
I have never seen anything like this before
We want to be workers.
The idea of Europe controlled my mind.
The local TV Channel calls on the people to help out with the food and clothes.
They only want to move people out of Beijing.
What else can I do for my country?
Why you started and what your goals are?
It was a wonderful performance.
But this place is not such a hot number.
Why did I lose my health for?
It just sounds worse than it seems.
None free, till all free
It is creation with a message.
Several thousands of Russian companies and organizations submitted early requests.
I like ending the news week on a high note.
How Should Middle Eastern Women Dress in Public?
Read the story as he lived it.
In any case, as the saying goes, the last thing people lose is hope.
It is the same in Brazil, in Argentina...
They simply have no choice.
Iraqi soldiers proved that they are working well.
Are Presidential Candidates Considering the Indigenous Vote?
The author shows how the phrase became even more popular than the politician who said
Ministers have always been somewhere out there...
And I never had an issue here with my Russian language or my Jewish music.
How can people help in this campaign?
But if you search online about all of these then there is very little available.
What they have to go through?
Tanzania will only get better...
Hopes are high that the list will only grow in the future.
The beginning of the New Year is one of those times.
one is money, one is power.
Then we can enter a new era.
You are one of a kind.
After describing his view of the problem, he finally got to his question
The response to the news has been enormous, and the blogosphere seems to be divided into two camps now
Growing Demands for Arrest of Mubarak In Tahrir Demonstration
Mexico celebrates this together with you.
Who was supposed to implement the safety measures for that night?
First, it makes Turkey less interesting for Europe, which is exactly what some in the Turkish establishment want.
I am known primarily as the first woman photographer in my country.
What was he going to do?
She ran from a little group of us.
As the government only provides one old passport photo, we do not know.
Protesters took to social media to create awareness instead.
He has a same opinion as them.
Where is their Corporate Social Responsibility?
Why do these families need to provide this kind of proof?
As many pointed out, one day was too short.
She was right after all.
Lives and communities have changed as a result.
Other related posts all in English
The site also discusses the various Google search results for Guatemala and elections.
Out of thousands, here are six good reasons why you should consider visiting this island in the near future
This is free advertising for them.
It is not program music, though.
He says he wants to be in touch with the Iranian young generation.
It should never have been said.
More on the poll later as well.
Giving up is not an option.
What are the locals of the Gulf region are thinking about this issue?
They should begin to ask questions and demand answers of those whom they elected.
I never knew him personally.
We had to run with the children to the second story of the houses.
Everyone was on phones, calling relatives and friends in neighboring villages, trying to find out what was going on.
After publishing his version of events to his blog, it has since spread throughout the Russian Internet.
How Am I shared a different perspective
What is the difference between democracy and American democracy?
The blog also criticizes the government for failing to address environmental issues at home.
Five years have passed since the murder.
Details of her arguments are available in this story in the Washington Post.
Women are very active, and today, there is more awareness.
For many, Iran means Tehran.
From what I can see of him, he is closed to the opinions of others.
I was given a chance to make only one or two comments.
News about Trump has taken over my social media feed for months.
But is it really necessary for them to try to influence things that they obviously cannot understand?
And there is the question of oil and transparency.
Throughout the day, Japanese citizens shared their concerns on Twitter.
See more photos of the festival below
If anything is not clear or if you have further questions, please post a comment there.
Other services will show different rates of return, some probably much lower and some higher.
For the first time in Guatemala since the start of Army Day, the celebrations will not be public.
Thanks again for this interview.
For those not following the events
Is saying you are going to something the same as doing it?
and started to spread the word that we are going to build a mosque...
Watch out for the second part of this article, to be published shortly.
Your partner calls the Internet company.
Below is a conversation between Syria Deeply and a Syrian university student.
Yet Saudi authorities continue to target her.
The report is published by an independent commission.
Another top issue, in Iranian blogosphere, has been Tehran International Book Fair.
They know how to count their own money.
This measure may well turn out to be popular with voters.
each one has its place.
This is out of my hand.
It appears to be a one man revolution...
They pay for our nice homes with their youth.
Many of them have been killed and the rest have fled the country and what is the result?
Let me think about it.
Bloggers who attended World Water Week have shared their notes and opinions online.
there is surely more news to come.
They have nothing more to give her.
There are other fun and easy ways to be Chinese.
He never considered his family and what will happen to them in the future.
In order to engage the local institutions, DREAM states that
The main reason this trade continues is money.
The boat is waiting for you.
I have so many questions.
This is the One Year One World.
Those are mainly mental attacks to us.
This lack of trust is keeping us away from the Trend.
The question, however, cannot be ignored for long.
She wanted to cast a vote for him because he was in jail.
where are the ballot papers?
But these victims of discrimination are not alone.
What can Russia really access?
So please try not to worry.
Said I was just a citizen.
While driving the car, he told us to calm down and things will be fine.
They brought the food, but it was very little.
And what time is the Peru national football team game on Friday?
Evidence for this is everywhere.
Some of the protests attracted more than a thousand cars.
These children often suffer health and psychological problems.
Russian President Vladimir Putin and radical Islam.
A Facebook group for the day states
Thus Af if and only if Af.
We will be more united.
All it takes it one photo or a single mobile.
I am equally excited to hear the reactions of other people on your positions.
The legal issue here is quite simple
Thank you for being the way you are
To meet up however, they have to come to Georgia.
We know how they will decide.
Indeed the problem is that fuel prices in the US are way too low.
Venezuela has become another prime example of this trend.
If you are a Mexican in Mexico
Old men should have rest and give advice.
Have you read about his visit to the Kazakh embassy and the White House?
Can you walk us through part of your process?
We should all get involved.
Even then, if she took one step forward he could catch her.
representatives from the EU and United States held the meetings behind closed doors, out of public view.
Finally, some peace though for the King of Pop.
All the materials from houses were taken apart.
More reactions from the Israeli blogosphere are still coming in as the conflict continues.
Please check out her link if you want to participate.
Take it or leave it.
now we must use a heavy one.
As the Taiwan Alliance to End the Death Penalty expressed in a recent press statement
What happens in Georgia will have unknown consequences to Europe and the United States for a generation.
It took them by surprise?
Many say they have nothing to lose.
The Olympics is a really useful project.
And the news hit like an explosion on the Iraqi blogs.
it seems that different types of violence are the one thing they have in common.
Not much is left of his sentence.
This is not our real world because there are a lot of conflicts in it.
Alive in Baghdad Best Podcast
I will never forget that day ...
The most marked difference is in how boys and girls are perceived to dance.
We were not required to take specific classes, and could choose what we wanted to do.
Some also questioned the campaign
When businesses were under attack, the media kept silent.
For example, certain sites are still banned in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
Only then the first photographs and videos started to appear everywhere.
This is where Russia is, basically.
Some say it is too early.
I like to keep touch with different people.
There are relatively few discussions within the Chinese blogosphere.
Screenshot of Dhaka citizens showing their red cards on the Facebook event page.
Statement of the actions to be taken by the School of Law during the national strike.
Blogging, and especially video blogging, is a very effective way of getting out the message quickly.
But those supporters will hardly have a voice and a space in social networks.
Netizens began to hit back, some in very creative ways.
Say what they will, always the best
The Occupy Wall Street movement is becoming the North American version of the Arab Spring.
Could you tell us about the documentary that you are making about this?
From Talking Fiji a few days back
Below are some reactions on Twitter
There was a heavy police presence in the village.
One of the reporters called to him
Music fans, too, will find something for them
Pakistan fan Ali captured the feelings of many cricket followers about the result
There was another earthquake last night and one this morning also.
In many ways we are lucky.
Boycott of Israeli goods  Global Voices Mahmood is convinced that Bahrain should ends primary boycott of Israeli goods.
The story got complicated as the refugees arrived in Nepal.
What message do you hope to send with your videos?
Now get back to work.
People who had been asked to leave their old houses were moved to a newly built apartment building.
I hope that makes sense.
Ukraine right now is protecting Europe.
What is the role of social media, what is your relationship with social media?
At the same time I was an officer in the Ukrainian army.
In which countries do you operate?
Soon she will say women does look for rape.
But controversy is in the air these past few weeks on the Jordanian blogosphere...
How could a girl live alone?
I must say two other subjects struck me
Is the New York Times the problem?
The journey will be difficult.
This is how everyone else does it.
In it almost every day Russians die in secret.
This is how things are at the moment.
So where does this new conclusion come from?
I definitely have some big dreams.
I saw them on my way back form the South.
Every time, they come to kill our brothers.
What we came up with is that we share the same PROBLEMS.
We laid him out on the ground and a crowd gathered.
If she is just lucky, good for her.
So Why Is He on the Movie Poster?
For the record, entering in the sea on a Good Friday turns you into a fish.
Surely the world has lost it....
does the government want to control commission on human rights?
Please share them with us through the comments or write me a note
Why do you blame her alone?
Soon dozens of human rights activists arrived at the scene.
Updates in the comments section of this post.
The net is so slow these past few days.
Looking forward to seeing all of this come to an end.
We remind the judges that in Europe, only Macedonia and one other country have reporters in jail.
To come back to the question, is there a place for democracy?
So far, it really is working.
He follows up with details of the response from the International Federation of Journalists.
Life goes on, one way or another...
Having said that, there are people who struggle.
Global Voices This is one way to feel small.
exactly a year ago, i wrote this.
It makes no difference what part of the world is involved, what form of regime, what particular issue.
How did you start working with migration issues?
In the end, with all of the violence, I am not sure that they will show up.
But, they need to see what is beyond the piece
I also used to watch it.
The western media love any kind of story that puts a bad light on China.
The capital of Trinidad and Tobago
One is therefore least motivated to act.
In this case, activists have the law on their side.
This is because Ahmadinejad in fact was a teacher and a professor prior to entering politics.
Now we want to tell the students
Second, file a complaint with the Press Council against making public the identity of at least the minor.
I wrote about my relatively ordinary life, about funny or sad situations.
There was no way to make the rest of the website available while blocking just that video.
So, there is a need for brief course of moral education to be developed worldwide.
When it happened right before my eyes, something happened inside me.
She is very sad and worried by these movements.
Netizens from around the Arab world have reacted to the news.
And I felt that how am I ever going to fit in?
Election reform and terms limit reflect the views of many.
This, of course, is not the case.
A new protest is already being organized online.
